Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. 4.First  , the transactions and atomic sets of the TPC-W workload impose the creation of four sets of transactions whose targeted data do not overlap. Its database contains 10 tables that are queried by 6 transactions  , 2 atomic sets  , 6 UDI queries that are not part of a transaction  , and 27 read-only queries.We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation.At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups.Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic.However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints.At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Most large datasets provide a Semantic Sitemap and in general we report that data producers have been very keen to add one when requested given the very low overhead and the perceived lack of negative conse- quences.Figure 2: Family order traversal a breadth-first manner is as appropriate as traversing it in document order e.g. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal.But we have observed from the TPC-W and RUBBoS benchmarks that many such queries can easily be rewritten as a sequence of simpler queries spanning one table each. Of course  , queries spanning multiple tables are occasionally indispensable to the application.Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved.Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U.K. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language.The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved.In addition to the evaluation of individual detection strategies   , we applied PPD to a 3rd party implementation of the well established TPC-W benchmark. We evaluated each detection strategy with ten different test scenarios and chose those that proved to be most accurate.Therefore   , these counts will be generated from a fixed training set  , independent of the source  , and they do not change over time. However  , for the TDT tasks  , the test data does not contain ROI labels and the amount of training data is small.As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated.The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents.For stories from an audio source  , the closed caption was used rather than speech recognition output. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources.The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data.Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g.  , Walmart due to their low cost. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC.In contrast  , the task discussed in this paper is based on a batch evaluation at the sentence level. Finally  , TDT is concerned with story-level online evaluation  , where news stories are presented in a particular order and each one must be evaluated before the next is seen.A cursory look at Table 3seems to reveal that our extensions to the basic model actually hurt performance. Though the precise details of topics and stories in the TDT4 corpus are still unavailable  , the fact that all the systems that were run on it as part of this year's official TDT evaluations performed badly lends credence to the belief that the TDT4 corpus is more challenging than the TDT3 corpus.In addition to the features used on the TDT data  , we included features based on speaker and video shot changes  , but they did not yield consistent performance improvement. For each source we collected and annotated approximately 50 hours of data  , spanning a month of programming.Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike.We computed Fleiss' Kappa to quantify the global interannotator agreement across all the topics. Since the majority of Quora profiles contain hundreds of posts  , to ensure that proper care is given to evaluating them  , we collected the judgements employing 19 students from our institutions.In fact  , the extension seems more likely to increase reusability  , e.g.  , by allowing researchers to analyse their system's performance over topics that best match their intended search context. The extension proposed in this paper keeps the original test collection documents  , topics  , relevance judgments completely intact.We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15.When evaluating Web server performance  , a workload generator is frequently used to drive the system in a hopefully representative manner. More detail on the Rice TPC-W implementation may be found at the Dynaserver Web site and in their paper 5.Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98.We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily.Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks.The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database.Based on CI we provided a conceptual comparison between the different UI adaptation approaches as shown in Table 3. As for our method  , CI is always = 0 since we use runtime adaptation hence the UI representation e.g.  , HTML pages will remain completely intact at design-time.Fiscus and Doddington 2 provide an excellent review of the TDT community's motivations in coming up with that cost function . It is that cost function that is used to tune system parameters on training data and that is the basis for deciding which system " wins " an evaluation task.8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. From Fig.We have conducted an extensive study comparing different clustering algorithms for building the topic representation . This approach is based on the system used by the University of Massachusetts at Amherst at the latest TDT workshop 3.moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed.Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories .worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al.Since RAID has an inlinite MlTF for disk errors  , there are no crashes which leave disk data unreadable. To recover from a crash where the disk is intact  , one need only abort all transactions alive at the time of the failure  , an instantaneous operation.When making trade-offs  , we consider the fact that technology trends reduce the cost of computer resources while making human time relatively expensive 12. Design trade-offs for our distributed TPC-W system are guided by our project goal of providing high availability and good performance for e-commerce edge services as well as by technology trends.The latter is dangerously close to testing on the training data the topics are different but mirrors the official TDT'01 evaluation settings 16. The second set of numbers was produced on TDT3/2 by the system trained on TDT3/1.The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. TheWe then study how replication and data partitioning techniques allow us to scale individual data services of TPC-W. We first study the performance of OTW and DTW to investigate the costs and benefits of data denormalization with no scalability techniques being introduced.In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes .To do this the pipe needs to execute a Sindice 19 query which will return a set of documents likely containing the description of messages left by the user on possibly multiple Web sites. Case 3: SIOC Aggregation RSS feed Given a SHA1 a user's email  , the output is a list of messages that the user left on the internet in sites that expose SIOC 8 data.The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome.We also have not considered overlapping topics currently for simplicity. We suggest it unnecessary to consider complicated hierarchies in the context of the state-of-the-art TDT techniques.The first is in the context of attention rewards on user-generated content UGC based sites  , such as online Q&A forums like Quora or StackOverflow. We are motivated by two different kinds of questions that arise in the context of designing rewards for crowdsourced content  , depending on the setting and the nature of the rewards .By distributing the bookstore inventory among all edge servers  , the system allows edge servers to accept orders locally. In this section  , we evaluate the consistency of our distributed TPC-W system during normal operation by examining the staleness of local inventory.The crawls follow a BFS pattern through the related questions links for each question. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics.For the event detection problem  , many approaches have been based on clustering or classification to estimate the similarity between the events and documents e.g. New Event Detection  , one of the five tasks in TDT  , aims to detect whether a given news story is concerned with already known events to a system or not.Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. 4  , Requirement 15.Burst detection from a stream of documents have been thoroughly investigated in TDT and event detection 22  , 17  , 31. For every target entity e  , when A in state q0  , it has low emission rateIf the structure remains intact  , the change is quickly localized and the relatively expensive token alignment can be applied only to the affected subtree. Usually  , when a web page changes  , either the structure of the document or its content remains largely unchanged.A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400.This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5.On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. Here we only give the results under the WIC model.how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g.  , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e.The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items.100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP.The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. It will do so by creating a large-scale reference data set in the form of a semantic network that relates usage  , citation and bibliographic data at a scale that is intended to be representative of the scholarly community.We have built and described an evaluation corpus based on 22 topics from TDT news stories. We have described it in a way that it is possible to carry out laboratory evaluations of effectiveness   , avoiding costly user evaluations at every step of the process .The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client.The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA.As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact.The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. We showed that the performance of the CMS is comparable for both Hilda and J2EE  , and that Hilda gains on the amount of data transferred between the client and the server.Others may be allowed to use the content only if left intact  , only for non-profit purposes  , or they might be allowed to manipulate it  , provided the original source is acknowledged  , for example. Users can license their content via Creative Commons with varying degrees of rights.The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds.The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events.We have presented a client-side architecture for the enforcement  , creation and testing of browser security policies. Using our testing system we can examine web applications in detail to ensure that not only is the rendering not affected by security policy  , but the application functionality remains intact.Burstiness in request arrivals results in the phenomenon of persistent " bottleneck switch " where performance measures are counter-intuitive  , e.g.  , user SLOs are grossly violated while performance measures such as device utilizations are moderate 3. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system.Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. But neither channel appears to be the primary way of attracting answers  , and both channels appear to complement each other in this process.The available results by UMass and Dragon are also included for comparison  , according to their reports at the TDT workshoplO. The CMU results correspond to the modified GAC method described earher .The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004.JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems.In story link detection  , the simplest case  , the comparison is between pairs of stories  , to decide whether given pairs of stories are on the same topic or not. All TDT tasks have at their core a comparison of two text models.Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. A similar research topic in recent years is event detection.Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE.This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access.In question-answering sites  , e.g.  , Quora and Stack Overflow  , an important task is to route a newly posted question to the 'right' user with appropriate expertise and several methods based on link analysis have been proposed 45  , 6  , 46. The factorization technique can be naturally extended by adding biases  , temporal dynamics and varying confidence levels.Although other approaches   , such as those investigated in the TDT programme  , are of some interest  , we have no evidence of their suitability for spoken document retrieval. 1999  , we do not perform any acoustic segmentation in the recognition phase the audio stream is decoded directly; anyway  , there is no good correlation between segments obtained purely from low-level audio features and story segments required for information retrieval.For each term t  , a site maintains two replication thresholds  , expressed in partial score values: the document replication threshold tdt and the postings replication threshold tpt. The replication algorithm works as follows.Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora.Our assessors were students whose instructions did not include a definition of the word "topic" nor explicit criteria for deciding what was or was not a topic. The poor agreement between assessors on what constitutes a topic is not very surprising  , as debates on what topic means have occurred throughout the TDT research project.Three different clustering schemes were investigated: single link  , average link  ,and complete link. In order to avoid fitting our data for the final evaluation  , we set aside the evaluation section of TDT-2 May and June and built and trained our system on the training and developments sets.Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . 1: 1.Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1.Exclusion of very short stories from similarity calculations tends to improve results. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents.We described overall system performance using a bootstrap method that produced performance distributions for the TDT corpus. System misses and false alarms were used to measure detection error in a cross-validation approach that found stable system parameters for our implementation.use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. author  , and action e.g.Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity.This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service.As mentioned above  , we maintain a KB with a large number of instantiations made against the AKTRO. Even though some of these instances might not be required for running some of our applications  , they represent an important and resourceful part of the KB and can be considered as a type of ontology use  , and hence it was deemed important to make sure that all these instances remain intact.Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in.However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput.One participant searched for " Japanese anime " Observation J3 but was only interested in videos with associated English audio  , while Participant D was interested only in Chinese content with the original audio intact. Of course  , the language of a video's audio might be altered from the original  , and whether this change has occurred can affect a video's acceptability to a given user.estimate the cross-lingual relevance model using equations 1 and 2. We observe tremendous improvements of 100% to 200% percent  , by adding the TDT data  , even though this data was automatically generated using SYSTRAN.We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept.In the breadth-of-interest model from Section 3.3.3  , we set the parameter k to 0.3  , i.e. The latter two models were trained on NYT and Quora corpora described in Section 4.The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed.The bins were then distributed to first-pass assessors who  , equipped with detailed assessment guidelines largely compiled from the relevance guidance that the Topic Authority had provided the teams in the course of the exercise  , assessed the documents in their bins for relevance to their assigned topics. Some bins had more  , some less  , than 500 documents  , due to the fact that messages were assigned to bins intact parent email together with all attachments  , making it impossible to see that every bin had exactly 500 documents.Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance.The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system.For the exponential model  , minimum topic-weighted detection first increases and then approaches the baseline; for the linear model  , detection cost starts very high and decreases with larger window sizes and also approaches the baseline. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data.These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results.The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query.The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed.Chen et al proposed an aging theory to improve the performance for event detection 3 . Moreover  , temporal evidence was also used in New Event Detection Task in TDT 3  , 4 .The sudden rise and then gradual fall of the stories is characteristic of this type of event. For example  , Fig- ure 5shows how many stories appeared per day in the TDT corpus for the Oklahoma City bombing event.In the design of our prototype  , we considered but ultimately did not include these features that may be of use in other contexts. Note that different workloads may benefit from additional features or optimizations than we choose for the TPC-W catalog object.As ISJ involved a particular searching system and a particular set of searchers  , the system or searchers may have influenced the success measured in the two validations of the approach. In addition  , the method was adopted in more recent TDT work Cieri et al  , 2002.Within TDT a participant's cluster structure is evaluated by identifying the best cluster for each of the topics from a manually composed ground truth. The root node represents the complete story collection; child clusters further down the DAG define smaller subsets of stories   , corresponding to finer detailed topics 5.After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API.The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data.Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate.Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance.Answers  , Stack- Overflow or Quora. Crowdsourcing  , where a problem or task is broadcast to a crowd of potential contributors for solution  , is a rapidly growing online phenomenon being used in applications ranging from seeking solutions to challenging projects such as in Innocentive or TopCoder  , all the way to crowdsourced content such as on online Q&A forums like Y!Another important kind is detecting new events  , which has been studied in the TDT evaluations. This is by no means the only kind of novelty detection.Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information.We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?"The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %.In this paper  , we choose the single-pass clustering algorithm which is popular in TDT as the baseline and then propose three variations of the single-pass clustering algorithm to take the temporal information into consideration . An exception is 9  , where the authors identified thread starts based on some patterns provided by experts.Evaluation of traditional information retrieval tasks focuses on the positions of relevant documents in ranked result sets  , treating the false-positive error of retrieving non-relevant documents as equivalent to its counterpart of missing relevant documents. However  , the standard TDT cost function assumes that the ratio of relevant to non-relevant documents is uniform across queries 4.However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate.The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression.Six topics are selected from the same scenario science/discovery  , with a total of 280 news stories. The collection used in the experiments is part of TDT- 3 1 .For the mid-1990s events in the second TDT study  , systems had trouble treating the O. J. Simpson case or the investigation of the Oklahoma city bombing as a single event 11  , 13. The most significant problem in adapting TDT methods to historical texts is the difficulty of handling long-running topics.In order to avoid fitting our data for the final evaluation  , we set aside the evaluation section of TDT-2 May and June and built and trained our system on the training and developments sets. Our evaluation method would be to compare the generated clusters with the known topics   , which was the final evaluation our assessors would be performing.These data sets are text streams with only two or three sentences in each segment. Some researchers developed text segmentation methods targeting at data sets from TDT corpus 19.The methodology uses 11 passes through the stream. Since only 25 events in the corpus were judged  , an evaluation methodology developed for the TDT study was used to expand the number of trials.This result confirms that the number of votes is the dominating feature for selecting best answers. We see that for 85% of the questions  , Quora's best answers also ranked the highest in votes  , and for 96% of the questions   , the best answers from Quora are among the top-2 most votes.Consider the scores produced by a TDT system for each document . We can now look at the implications of having a constant P rel.Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark.However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2.Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records.During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate.The CMU results are depicted by the solid lines  , which show better performance at the high precision area. We used the DET software provided in the TDT project to generate the DET curves  , and converted each data point a pair of miss/false-alarm values in these DET curves to the corresponding recall and precision values noninterpolated  to obtain the recall-precision curves.F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1.From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA.The National Institute of Informatics  , Japan proposed a task that is similar to the Story Link Detection at the TDT evaluation  , and which involves identifying whether two blog posts discuss the same topic. What this deeper context may add to explicit and implicit search is touched on.However  , instead of truly detecting the first story as was the objective in the TDT program  , here we aim to improve detection performance at the expense of slightly delayed detection. The key idea for First Story Detection  , is that acting on formed 3NN clusters rather than individual documents is less likely to return false positives .The assessment of scholarly impact is now largely a matter of expert opinion or metrics derived from citation data  , e.g. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics.However  , since the MESUR usage data doesn't identify individual users  , usage co-occurrence was reformulated in terms of sessions  , indi-cated by anonymized session identifiers: the degree of relationship between any pair of journals is a function of the frequency by which they are jointly accessed within user ses- sions. This relationship is known as usage co-occurrence  , and it is used to create MESUR's journal usage networks.For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ?To adhere to ethical standards concerning incorporation of user data into research  , we decided to only use data that is publicly available – either as online profiles Quora  , Health Q&A  , or as datasets used in numerous other studies AOL. As a first data source  , we used the AOL query log collected between March  Ethics.It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart.The training set contains the chronologically first 44 shows 1157 stories; the test set contains the chronologically last 18 shows 474 stories. The training and test data are extracted from the PRI subset of the TDT-4 cor- pus 5.Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status.This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5.However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. TDT project has its own evaluation plan.The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/We believe that the clusters of features found are indicative of the major news stories that were covered by the news organizations during the time spanned by the corpus and provide a good summation of these topics. Our final run on the evaluation portion of TDT-2 produced 146 clusters.Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. Conclusions are presented in Section 6.A transaction is an update transaction with probability update tran prob  , and a read-only transaction with probability 1 – update tran prob. Our session time and think time mean values are taken from the TPC-W benchmark 31.To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts.To illustrate the benefits of GlobeTP  , we measured the query execution latencies of read and UDI queries together using different configurations. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS.The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. Training corpus changes.The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. Thus both clusters are left intact.To validate our hypothesis  , we examine the correlation between a user's follower count and the quantity and quality of her answers to questions. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers.Syntactic parse of user queries can provide clues for when the word order constraint can be relaxed. Nallapati and Allan 5  represent term dependencies in a sentence using a maximum spanning tree and generate a sentence tree language model for the story link detection task in TDT.We used two different corpora for our experiments. The latter is dangerously close to testing on the training data the topics are different but mirrors the official TDT'01 evaluation settings 16.the TDT-1 collection: real love in the context of family life as opposed to staged love in the sense of Hollywood". An asterix for LSI indicates that no performance gain could be achieved over the baseline  , the result at 256 dimensions with a 1 : 2 combination with the baseline score is reported in this case.3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. Amza et al.By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers.A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing.Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content.Traditional information retrieval measures are inappropriate for measuring users' perceptions of results in this task as they do not explicitly represent the tradeoff between costs of false-positives and misses. We adopt the TDT cost function to evaluate our result-filtering task.Tested on the most recent 20% of the annotated sets  , the Cseg values range between 0.034 and 0.067 for Arabic and between 0.042 and 0.061 for Chinese. In addition to the features used on the TDT data  , we included features based on speaker and video shot changes  , but they did not yield consistent performance improvement.This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 .Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose.One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term.The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties.The key point of our recovery paradigm is that we would like to leave the effects of the dependent transactions intact while preserving the consistency of the database  , when undoing the compensated-for transaction. of T  , and are referred to as a set using the notation depT.In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. Some consistency optimizations we exploit are similar to some proposed in previous work 25  , 26  , 32  , 36  , 42   , but our emphasis is on how to integrate these ideas and effectively apply them to make an important class of applications work.As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs.We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. TaggerEvaluation.A more detailed description of the task and evaluation metric can be found in the TDT-2002 evaluation plan 9. It is also used to determine the minimum normalized cost of the system  , i.e.  , the cost that one would achieve if the optimal threshold on the score were chosen.The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. Indeed  , most existing research into usage-based metrics of scholarly impact focuses on single metrics whose characteristics are explored on the basis of usage data that has been recorded for particular scholarly communities.Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. Section 4 describes our implementation.This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied.OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring.The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests.In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information.Let D be any database and let D be obtained from D by possibly modifying the measure attribute values in each fact r arbitrarily but keeping the dimension attribute values in r intact. An allocation policy is said to be measure-oblivious if the following holds.Thus  , a straightforward way to evaluate our model is to use a corpus  , calculate the similarities between all documents and manually check whether two documents are similar or not. While TDT systems associate a main event with documents and cluster incoming news articles according to these events  , we take into account all events extracted from documents to calculate event-centric similarity scores.In the graph  , the x-axis represents the throughput in WIPS web interactions per second  , and the y-axis represents the response time of the TPC-W application deployed on four architectures. Figure 3shows the system performance as we vary the workload.These transcriptions are used to assess baseline retrieval performance. There is no high-quality human reference transcription available for TDT- 2 -only " closed-caption " quality transcriptions for the television sources and rough transcripts quickly made for the radio sources by commercial transcription services.Hypothesis 2 was posed to provide understanding of whether teachers' varying level of teaching experience influenced the desire to customize materials versus download them intact. Teachers indicated only a slight preference for web sites that show ratings by other users or for online teaching resources they don't have to modify 3.61.Note that this performance target is quite challenging  , as several query templates have execution times greater than 100 ms  , even under low loads see a TPC-W  , 900 EBs. We first set a performance target in terms of query execution latency: in our experiments we aim at processing at least 90% of database queries within 100 ms.The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set.As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer.The preliminary results discussed in the following sections were generated on the basis of an early subset of the MESUR data set that was selected to offer the best possible outcomes at the time:  200 million article-level usage events: A subset consisting of the most thoroughly validated and deduplicated usage events. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently .For such atomic sets  , only the columns that are updated must be local to the same data service to be able to provide atomicity. Atomic sets appear  , for example  , in TPC-W  , where a query that reads the content of a shopping cart and the one that adds another element must be executed atomically 34.The corpora provided for TDT contains approximately 130000 stories from 9 months of broadcast news  , newswire  , and newspaper 7. Results are evaluated by comparing the system clusters  , produced automatically  , with the topics  , annotated by a human judge.It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations.The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them.This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " .For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community .In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies.Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora.The two key issues which arise in the context of crowdsourcing are quality— is the obtained solution or set of contributions of high quality ?— as well as participation— there is a nonzero effort or cost associated with making a contribution of any quality in a crowdsourcing environment which can be avoided by simply choosing to not participate  , and indeed many sites have too little content . Answers  , Stack- Overflow or Quora.Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. Answers and Quora.To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e.  , an event significantly different from those news events seen before.In this section  , we evaluate the consistency of our distributed TPC-W system during normal operation by examining the staleness of local inventory. Because the system slightly relaxes consistency for higher availability and performance  , during the normal system operation or network failures users may view stale information.Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users.Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable .Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies.Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g.  , Walmart due to their low cost.NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant.Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped.It is the task of online identification of the earliest report for each topic as soon as that report arrives in the sequence of documents. New Event Detection NED is one of the five tasks in TDT.For the future work  , we want to collect news set which span for a longer period from internet  , and integrate time information in NED task. We did not consider news time information as a clue for NED task  , since most of the topics last for a long time and TDT data sets only span for a relative short period no more than 6 months.Our concerns about this approach are that it is sensitive to clustering accuracy  , and is based on strong assumptions about the nature of redundancy   , which we think is user dependant. This approach is similar to solutions for the TDT First Story Detection problem.Since our goal is not to develop a new burst detection algorithm   , we simply adopt Kleinberg's 2-state finite automaton model 22 to identify bursty periods of entities. Burst detection from a stream of documents have been thoroughly investigated in TDT and event detection 22  , 17  , 31.Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited.It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web.We ran additional experiments using the NYT topic model described in section 4.1  , and noticed that for the topics which were captured in the other latent model as well  , we observe similar trends and dependencies in the results. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model.The TDT evaluation program assumes a constant for the probability that a story is on topic. We are investigating those issues.For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood.In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior.We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages.Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence.Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities.The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE.One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge.However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread.We compare the average users' response time  , which we refer to as responsiveness  , of a Hilda implementation and a J2EE implementation of the two applications. We illustrate the benefits of Hilda using a Course Management System and an Online Book Store application that is based on the TPC-W benchmark.In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success.Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports.We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012.However  , LOTUS differs from these previous approaches in three ways: 1 its scale its index is about 100 times bigger than Sindice's was  , 2 the adaptability of its algorithms and data collection  , and 3 its integration with a novel Linked Data publishing and consumption ecosystem that does not depend on IRI dereferenceability. Centralized text search on the LOD Cloud is not new as Sindice 3 and LOD Cache 4 show.To keep the data dependencies intact   , a more complex definition of ~ results  , which is given here without explanation for the amusement of the reader:  Applying improved array conditions to PC45  , 21 in figure 1 has the following effect. In the example   , it could be that i = j  , violating the data dependence definition for 1 ~ 3.Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. It is desirable in TDT to have a cost function which has a constant threshold across topics.Note that most multi-document summarization systems have to include time as a component of their system to consolidate information across stories e.g.  , to decide which statement is more up-to-date. Other work on news summarization  , including work that uses the TDT corpora  , focuses on single or multi-document summarization 25  , 34  , 12 of the stories  , without attempting to capture the changes over time.Exhaustive relevance judgments are provided for several topics in TDT-2. The articles tend to be several hundred to a few thousand words long  , while the audio clips tend to be two minutes or less on average.All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. Performance Data.The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set.The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. 24We use the completion of a small application request the home page of TPC-W to indicate that the application instance is active. We repeat this experiment with various competing CPU loads by exercising the CPU-bound application in the background.The broadcast sources have been speech recognized 30 -35~ word error rate; corresponding manual transcripts either close-captioning or FDCH have also been provided. The corpora provided for TDT contains approximately 130000 stories from 9 months of broadcast news  , newswire  , and newspaper 7.A static cache determines items to be cached based on previous usage statistics and keeps the cache content intact until the next periodic update. The caching strategies can be broadly categorized as either static or dynamic 9.Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely.There are several avenues for future work. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation.There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem.Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site.The unavoidable inaccuracy of our cost estimations therefore generates unbalanced load across servers  , which leads to sub-optimal performance. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar.However  , there are several important differences that are unique to our problem domain: a Unlike the corpus of broadcast news audio used in TDT evaluations  , training and corporate videos can be quite heterogeneous  , b There is no notion of a story and the associated well-defined segment of expected relatively short duration. The problem we address bears the largest similarity to the TDT segmentation task.We chose the TPC-W benchmark and evaluated the performance of GlobeDB in comparison to other existing systems for different throughput values over an emulated wide-area network. In this section  , we study the performance gain that could be obtained using GlobeDB while hosting an ecommerce application.The Item_basic data service is read-only. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W.The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has.The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity.We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. The first condition can capture  , for instance   , words related to diseases  , the second can capture words related to political or religious positions.We use what is effectively the current standard workload generator for e-commerce sites  , TPC-W 31  , 43 . When evaluating Web server performance  , a workload generator is frequently used to drive the system in a hopefully representative manner.TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999.The i-th record in the pointer file selects the inverted list which corresponds via the qualification to the Ds value associated with the i-th record of the original file. That is  , the original file is left intact  , and a file of pointers is added.Textual memes. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer.In both modalities  , recognition should use adaptation techniques to adjust to changes in the collection language over time. This is in contrast to a TDT-type system which performs online retrieval as the audio is recognized.An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. Exclusion of very short stories from similarity calculations tends to improve results.This approach is similar to solutions for the TDT First Story Detection problem. One approach to novelty/redundancy detection is to cluster all previously delivered documents  , and then to measure the redundancy of the current document by its distance to each cluster.Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different.Lowering tpt decreases the lowest score associated to t in FIi. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document.An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project.However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above.For question answering  , nuggets were short phrases that provided interesting information about a target entity. In TDT the atomic units were documents   , which were grouped into those discussing the same event.The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible.The value of entities updated by both T and its dependents should reflect only the dependents' updates. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact .We ran experiments on the TDT corpus itself  , but seeded the initial values with those obtained from an auxiliary corpus  " past " . Query weights were held constant  , and document weights were recalculated based on incrementally updated values.The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact.The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service.The TDT cost function assumes that this probability is constant across topics. ferred to as P target; we use the more IR-related form.We excluded a few topics for which assessment was terminated due to time constraints before adequate exhaustiveness was achieved as determined by the Linguistic Data Consortium. We evaluated this system using topics from the TDT-5 collection for which there are at least 20 known relevant documents in the evaluation epoch.Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. User lifespan.This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question.TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements.Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W.We wish to make it clear that the corpus and evaluation methodology that were devised in the TDT study were a joint effort by four groups. Detailed results of that study are reported elsewhere3; this paper presents advances in our understanding of the problem after the end of the pilot study.When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. In the root-based algorithm  , the main aim is to detect the root of the given word.JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented.Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e.  , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset.In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates.Workers are expected to answer product-related questions in a biased manner  , and in some cases post dummy questions that are immediately answered by other colluding workers. Finally  , " Q&A " involves posting and answering questions on social Q&A sites like Quora quora.com.BRIGHTKITE. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks.We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora.The research results reported in this study are our own; the framework for the work is only partly ours. We wish to make it clear that the corpus and evaluation methodology that were devised in the TDT study were a joint effort by four groups.TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach.Finally  , we deploy the three implementations on an 85-node cluster and compare their scalability in terms of throughput. We then study how replication and data partitioning techniques allow us to scale individual data services of TPC-W.The system output consists of two parts. A more detailed description of the task and evaluation metric can be found in the TDT-2002 evaluation plan 9.We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years.Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries.Section 6 summarizes related work. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com.We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory.These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately.We implemented TDT based on 12  cos+TD+Simple- Thresholding. Instead of fixing the number of chains  , we continued to add chains until additional coverage was less than 20% of the total coverage since we use greedy coverage  , there will be at most 5 chains.While our previous work 7 helped to automate database tasks related to persistence of JavaScript objects  , it did not handle the runtime state of function closures  , event-handlers  , or HTML5 media objects that we addressed in this paper related to the migration of running browser sessions. The automated and generic nature of our instrumentation makes our approach transparent and helps developers keep their original source code intact. To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. Consequently the original datasets were left intact.In our experiments   , we focus on the ordering mix  , which generates the highest percentage of writes 50% of browsing and 50% of shopping interactions in this mix. TPC-W defines three workload mixes  , each with a different concentration of writes.Each Quora user has a profile that displays her bio information  , previous questions and answers  , followed topics  , and social connections followers and followees. In addition  , users can follow topics they are interested in  , and receive updates on questions and answers under this topic.We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested.Anecdotal information from TDT participants indicates that this value was chosen using training data to be 0.02. A constant value for P rel is used over all topics.OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology.To examine consistency constraints beyond that of the standard TPC-W benchmark  , our distributed-bookstore benchmark adds the constraint of a finite inventory for each item. In our simple prototype system  , the total available inventory is divided among edge servers by giving each object instance aThese two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED.The clustering results  , called as new topic candidates  , are compared with previous topics  , and then the results will show if they are really " new " or not. New coming stories are clustered into new topic candidates according to their pair-wise similarities  , which is similar to the process of Topic Detection in TDT.The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data.Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one.Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos.It is used for measuring the system throughput. The primary metric of the TPC-W benchmark is WIPS  , which refers to the average number of Web Interactions Per Second completed .While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. This is a difficult question to answer  , given Quora's own lack of transparency on its inner workings.We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced.The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time.Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times.Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart.I would like to express my appreciation to the secretary of ECPA  , Yola de Lusenet  , for her input and suggestions during the preparation of this paper. The question  , therefore  , will not be how and when the latter will take over  , but rather how parallel services can be kept intact  , and for which user needs either of the two models fits best.This is due to the fact that the concerned interactions heavily rely on queries that are rewritten to target multiple  , different data services. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types.This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload.The primary metric of the TPC-W benchmark is WIPS  , which refers to the average number of Web Interactions Per Second completed . The defined data entries include the number of books in the database and the number of initial registered customers  , as well as the number of book photos of different sizes.As the experiment results presented in this section will show  , GlobeDB can reduce the client access latencies for typical e-commerce applications with large mixture of reads and write operations without requiring manual configurations or performance optimizations. We chose the TPC-W benchmark and evaluated the performance of GlobeDB in comparison to other existing systems for different throughput values over an emulated wide-area network.Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS.In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data.This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership.For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks.We find that all three of its internal graphs  , a user-topic follow graph  , a userto-user social graph  , and a related question graph  , serve complementary roles in improving effective content discovery on Quora. In this paper  , we use a data-driven study to analyze the impact of Quora's internal mechanisms that address this challenge.WestartwitharunningexampleinFigure2.TheHTML formshownisasimplifiedsearchrequestpageforanonline bookstore as given in the TPC-W benchmark 20. A correspondingSQLqueryfromtheexampleformisgiven inFigure3.Noticethatwhentheuserinputchanges ,only the string in the LIKE predicate changes in the SQL query.TheforminFigure2canbeabstractedintoaquery templateasshowninFigure4.TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset.For example  , Fig- ure 5shows how many stories appeared per day in the TDT corpus for the Oklahoma City bombing event. As the triggering event fades into the past  , the stories discussing the event similarly fade.New event detection shares some characteristics of online information filtering. We described overall system performance using a bootstrap method that produced performance distributions for the TDT corpus.Overlap and Distance features will capture this splitting and reordering. c The phrase " do not contain 834 " is kept intact in P 1   , but is split apart in P 2 .We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e.  , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models.We focus on questions with some minimum number of user interactions ≥4 answers   , which filters out all but 87K 20% questions from our # of Followers and Followees Followers Followees dataset. Unfortunately we could not do the same for question page views  , because Quora only reveals the identity of users who answer questions   , but not those who browse each question.Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items.A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations.In this work  , we assume a Trusted Computing Base TCB consisting of correctly booted and functioning hardware and a correctly installed operating system and DBMS. The integrity of these services is assumed to remain intact even in the event of a full DBMS compromise.The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books.The emulated bookstore meets the requirements of a realistic enterprise application  , which is essential for the evaluation of our approach. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes.From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends.Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only.The integrity of a record relates to its wholeness and soundness: a record has integrity when it is essentially intact and uncorrupted. Knowledge of all these attributes is essential to establish the identity of any record.The primary threshold was not regarded as a trainable parameter for this experiment but rather as a control of the operating point to investigate different styles of clustering. All adjustable parameters of our system except the primary threshold were trained on the TDT-2 corpus.BRIGHTKITE. We describe each of the datasets in detail below.If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g.  , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered.Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g.  , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed.These preliminary results already provide a tantalizing preview of the possibility of usage-based metrics of impact that are more adaptive  , more timely and more accurate than any other assessment metric that is presently available. This result strongly suggests that usage-based impact rankings may further converge as MESUR ingests its entire collection of 1 billion usage events  , but that this convergence may very well be towards a notion of scholarly prestige different than the one expressed by the IF.Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " .'s algorithm12 were proposed several years ago  , in terms of empirical results  , it is still one of the best algorithms in TDT evaluations. Although  , Yang et al.In contrast  , this work looks both at inter-and intra-topic novelty detection ; in addition to determining whether two sentences cover the same topic  , we are concerned with identifying when a sentence contains new information about that topic. Most importantly  , the tasks of TDT are concerned with what can be called inter-topic or inter-event novelty detection  , where the concern is on whether two news stories cover the same event.The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other.EM algorithm. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes.This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. The rest of the order was preserved intact.We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data.The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE.We determine the effectiveness of our algorithm in relation to semi-supervised text classification algorithm proposed in 5 NB-EM. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data.For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents.Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. We review related work in TDT briefly here.This simple assertion  , which we call the native language hypothesis  , is easily tested in the TDT story link detection task. We began with the hypothesis that if two stories originated in the same language  , it would be best to compare them in that language  , rather than translating them both into another language for comparison .We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down.We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005.This suggests that starting with a relatively strict threshold and relaxing that threshold somewhat as relevant documents are discovered might be a productive strategy when using models of this design. Indeed  , the stable MAP at that point suggests that when averaged over topics the system is being overly aggressive in selecting  Figure 1: Adaptation effectiveness: a Model qual- ity high=good b TDT detection cost low=good uments early on when the model is weakest.RIP reactively adjusts these thresholds using the activity of the local users to determine which documents and postings are replicated. For each term t  , a site maintains two replication thresholds  , expressed in partial score values: the document replication threshold tdt and the postings replication threshold tpt.Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched.This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field.For the mid-1990s events in the second TDT study  , systems had trouble treating the O. J. Simpson case or the investigation of the Oklahoma city bombing as a single event 17  , 19. The most significant problem in adapting TDT methods to historical texts is the difficulty of handling long-running topics.Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system.Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component.The operative unit for stratification was the message  , and messages were assigned intact parent email together with all attachments to strata. Stratification followed the submission-based design noted above Section 2.1  , whereby one stratum was defined for messages all participants found relevant the " All-R " stratum  , another for messages no participant found relevant the " All-N " stratum  , and others for the various possible cases of conflicting assessment among participants.9 schedule requests for known servlet types where each type represents a different resource need. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al.The approaches described in 17 and 19 extend upon the paradigm of simple entity search and try to generate interpretations of keyword queries which exploit the semantics available on the Linked Data Web. This led to semantic search engines  , such as Swoogle 5  , Watson 4  , Sigma 20 and Sindice 21  , which aim to index RDF across the Web and make it available for entity search.So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. As a result  , it is possible to extract the various articles that users requested a service for in the course of a given session   , and to reconstruct the clickstream of these users in the information system that recorded the usage data.We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing.However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies.We have built a prototype of a hosting platform that implements the above ideas  , including the changes to the Linux kernel of the hosting servers to provide the above OS functions . To this end  , we introduce two new OS functions  , allowing the enacting agent  , which we refer to as local controller   , to explicitly swap in or out a suspended AppServ  , while leaving intact normal paging for active tasks.The search results from the different database systems are not combined together in any fashion and duplicate citations from different services are not eliminated. All subsequent links pass through the proxy server and are redirected to the vendor system with session connection information intact.They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE.All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic.SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. IV.For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites.In this section  , we model the interaction between Quora users and topics using a user-topic graph  , and examine the impact of such interactions on question answering and viewing activities. A question  , once created or updated under a topic  , will be pushed to the newsfeeds of users who follow the topic.In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W.We scaled the TPC-W database to 10 ,000 items and 288 ,000 customers  , which corresponds to 350 MB of data. The database contains multiple tables that are meant to represent the data needed to maintain a real site  , including customers  , addresses  , orders  , credit card information  , individual items  , authors  , and countries.A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity.The cosine distance metric is very common in information retrieval and has been a popular similarity measure in TDT evaluations. The negative of the cosine of the angle between a sentence vector and each previously seen sentence vectors then determines the novelty score for that sentence.We provided a list of TDT-2 judged topics  , with checkboxes  , where the evaluator could check off which topics was represented  , as well as text boxes where the evaluator could enter their own topic descriptor  , if none matched. Clicking on a story hyperlink brought up a new browser window containing the story.Since no benchmark news streams exist for event detection TDT datasets are not proper streams  , we evaluate the quality of the automatically detected events by comparing them to manually-confirmed events by searching through the corpus. We shall evaluate our two hypotheses  , 1important aperiodic events can be defined by a set of HH features  , and 2less reported aperiodic events can be defined by a set of LH features.Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive.The resuiting TDT corpus includes 15 ,863 news stories spanning July 1  , 1994  , through June 30  , 1995. To simplify the problem slightly for the pilot study  , we generally ignored issues of degraded text coming from speech recordings  , and used written newswire sources and human-transcribed stories from broadcast news.They represent the tradeoff between these costs with a DET curve. TDT uses a measure that allows for varying the cost of misses versus false positives which they term false alarms.The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals.and provide similar products and services e.g.  , Walmart  , McDonald's . IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media.Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1.Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ?It requires that if the inventory of an object is 0  , users requesting this object must be notified that delivery may take longer than normal e.g. To examine consistency constraints beyond that of the standard TPC-W benchmark  , our distributed-bookstore benchmark adds the constraint of a finite inventory for each item.TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research.Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact.To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries.We now turn to study the scalability of each data service individually . We stopped at that point as 50 ,000 EBs is the maximum throughput that our TPC-W implementation reaches when we use the entire DAS-3 cluster for hosting the complete application.On the other hand  , we found that unifying designlevel similarities with XVCL is almost always beneficial  , as it considerably reduces perceived program complexity. For example  , we decided to leave some clones intact because similarity level was not worth the effort of unification.In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method.We never attempted to identify the individuals whose profiles we analyzed. To adhere to ethical standards concerning incorporation of user data into research  , we decided to only use data that is publicly available – either as online profiles Quora  , Health Q&A  , or as datasets used in numerous other studies AOL.We stopped at that point as 50 ,000 EBs is the maximum throughput that our TPC-W implementation reaches when we use the entire DAS-3 cluster for hosting the complete application. We believe that all the data services can easily be scaled further.The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb.We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994.The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database.The assessors' instructions were taken from the TDT assessor manual. The assessors were instructed to make a distinction between target items that describe the same event as the source item and targets that describe related events.To distinguish the two  , we call the first case simply " Rocchio " and the second case " PRF Rocchio " where PRF stands for pseudorelevance feedback. Both cases are part of our experiments in this paper and part of the TDT 2004 evaluations for AF.To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments.By definition  , replicating document provides the corresponding postings  , so tdt ≥ tpt. In order to avoid these cases of false positives  , RIP identifies these documents and fully indexes them in SIi.In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal.They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved.For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination.are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc.Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information.We disabled the image downloading actions of RBEs as we want to only evaluate the response time of dynamic page generation of the edge server. We use the open source PHP implementation of TPC-W bench- mark 19.Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets.As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24.Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users.Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes.Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system.In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance.the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e.Here  , the mechanism designer  , or site owner  , has a choice about how many of the received contributions to display  , i.e.  , how to reward the contributions with attention — he could choose to display all contributions for a particular task  , or display only the best few  , suppressing some of the poorer contributions. The first is in the context of attention rewards on user-generated content UGC based sites  , such as online Q&A forums like Quora or StackOverflow.His visual fields are intact. Neurological: He is awake and alert.This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor.The source code of the latest distributed TPC-W bookstore implementation is only three thousand lines more than that of the centralized version  , excluding the messaging layer implementation. To quantify the simplicity of our distributed bookstore system  , we compare the size of source code for both centralized and distributed implementations.Experimental results. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data.Another difference between CCR and TDT is that CCR needs to make fine-grained citation-worthiness distinctions between relevant documents further. Different from above works  , we model entities' occurrences to capture bursty activities instead of words' occurrences.We observe similar trends in Quora. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers.Our final run on the evaluation portion of TDT-2 produced 146 clusters. The clusters produced by our system were randomized and the users were given different starting points in the system so we could guarantee coverage.By contrast  , the TDT list of topics only contains events that are represented in the corpus of news stories. Our test documents simply have more to say about the battle of Shiloh than the battle of Springfield  , Missouri.With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. and provide similar products and services e.g.  , Walmart  , McDonald's .The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g.  , making ample use of the Sindice public cache.We also asked the assessors to compare the generated clusters with the TDT-2 topics and indicate if they agreed. Each assessor felt that overall our system was good at finding what they considered to be a "topic"  , but they did not agree among themselves on what that meant.As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential.In addition  , we define constraints to forbid impossible value assignments for t1  , . That is  , it reduces the values proposed by untrustworthy sources to utterly uncertain values P cv = eq = 1/2 if pt = 0  , while keeping the values of trustworthy sources intact P cv = eq = c if pt = 1.In the above subsections  , we discussed the design of the distributed objects used in building our distributed TPC-W system. Table 1contains the summary of state replication and update propagation of each distributed object.Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words.Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data.This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics.It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34.Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation.These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words.We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact.Compensation undoes T's effects in a semantic manner  , rather than by physically restoring a prior state. The key point of our recovery paradigm is that we would like to leave the effects of the dependent transactions intact while preserving the consistency of the database  , when undoing the compensated-for transaction.In the future  , we would like to extend this approach to other spoken document classification tasks. A research over TDT database 5 is being carried out.A similar approach of comparing the features of a frame locally with its immediate predecessors works well in identifying shot boundaries in video streams 27 . Thus  , unlike the previous work on TDT  , a new node does not need to and cannot be compared to all its ancestors  , but has to be compared to its immediate parent or an immediate sequence of ancestors as it is they are causally closest to the current node.Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser.One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail.The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality.We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact.The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings.Previous work summarizes the threats that can affect the metadata catalogue 4. If a failure  , disaster or intentional attack affects the metadata catalog  , it can cause a total data loss  , even if the data stored on the other nodes remain intact.Let the distribution of scores of off-topic non-relevant documents be given by px|nrel and let the distribution of scores of on-target relevant documents be given by px|rel. Consider the scores produced by a TDT system for each document .This diagram primarily serves as a reference. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology.However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying.In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles.ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility.In particular  , it indicates the significance of mining correlating features for detecting corresponding events. If a large number of them can be uncovered  , it could significantly aid TDT tasks.This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W.We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased .Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment.However  , the standard TDT cost function assumes that the ratio of relevant to non-relevant documents is uniform across queries 4. They represent the tradeoff between these costs with a DET curve.For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " .If conflicts occur e.g.  , a later labeled section has overlap with the previous labeled sections  , the previous labeled sections will always remain intact and the current section will be truncated. Then the algorithm deletes the tuples already labeled  , repeats the same procedure for the remaining tuples  , and labels sections produced in each step as B  , C  , D and so on.As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 .  We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration.To accurately establish this mapping  , we employ the emerging social services such as About.me 3 and Quora 4   , where they encourage users to explicitly list their multiple social accounts on one profile. To represent the same users with multiple sources  , we need to first tackle the problem of " Social Account Mapping "   , which aims to align the same users across different social networks by linking their multiple social accounts 1.For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks.The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media.In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g.  , Walmart.The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model.There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time.We deployed the benchmark in two environments. In addition to the evaluation of individual detection strategies   , we applied PPD to a 3rd party implementation of the well established TPC-W benchmark.The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data.The incremental TF-IDF model as described in section 3.2 is built from previous stories plus all stories in the deferral period. The look-ahead that a TDT system is allowed to see also called the deferral period can be 1  , 10  , or 100 files 6 .The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents.In 22  , a finite automaton model is proposed to detect events in stream by modeling events as state transitions. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22.We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem.However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. 5.The design philosophy for query construction is to leave Ithe external simplicity of keyword approaches intact  , and rely on internally complex retrieval mechanisms to transcend keyword matching algorithms. A query in CODEFINDER can consist of keywords  , category labels  , attributes  , or an example database item.SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1.First  , conditions which constrain a variable to a small discrete interval are automatically translated into a disjunction of possible values. To keep the data dependencies intact   , a more complex definition of ~ results  , which is given here without explanation for the amusement of the reader:  Applying improved array conditions to PC45  , 21 in figure 1 has the following effect.A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. Our analysis relies on two key datasets.Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services.This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic.This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market.TDT data consist of a stream of news in multiple languages and from different media -audio from television  , radio  , and web news broadcasts  , and text from newswires. For all the research reported here  , we used manual transcriptions and reference boundaries.Since the documents are translated by software  , we do not expect the quality of the TDT corpus to be as high as Hong-Kong News. These corpora contain 46 ,692 Chinese news stories along with their SYSTRAN translations into English.Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users.We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e.  , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings.By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories.These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " .Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers.Thus in spite of the fact that the definition of a textual unit as a whole document might have a negative impact on the results  , the general ability of our filters to identify content bearing words remains intact. in the previous tables  , we see that generally both Recall and Precision are better on the sets s than for ~; here the exception is for the set ~ n ~  , for which precision is higher than for both z n S3 -d SI n %  , due to the large number of elements in this set 73% of the terms considered.Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1.We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router.Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion.Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training.In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. on the basis of scholarly usage.Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties.In this project we aim to develop new techniques for story and event representation and so improve system accuracy. Previous TDT research I has tended to focus on building better clustering techniques to improve detection accuracy.We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult.They used a χ 2 test to identify days on which the number of occurrences of a given word or phrase exceed some empirically determined threshold  , and then generated timelines by grouping together contiguous sequences of such days. Working in the domain of news  , Swan and Jensen 24 automatically generated timelines from historic date-tagged news corpora TDT.There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore.Each emulated client represents a virtual user. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator .Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other.It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data.For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . For user features  , we normalized behavioral categories and the remaining features age  , gender and location separately   , due to the variable length of behavioral categories per user.While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development.One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset.The third priority is optimizing resource usage such as network bandwidth  , processing power  , and storage. The source code of the latest distributed TPC-W bookstore implementation is only three thousand lines more than that of the centralized version  , excluding the messaging layer implementation.Another thread of research on social search is closely related to social question-and-answer QA systems  , like Quora 30   , that allow users to ask questions to a larger community  , or Aardvark 15  , 8  , which connected users to individual members to whom they could ask a question. Moreover  , finding others willing to collaborate at the same time seems to be a barrier to wider adoption of this technology.TDT uses a measure that allows for varying the cost of misses versus false positives which they term false alarms. desire 3.Creative Commons is the most promising approach to the intellectual property problems  , which are otherwise a roadblock to progress in the use of educational technology. Others may be allowed to use the content only if left intact  , only for non-profit purposes  , or they might be allowed to manipulate it  , provided the original source is acknowledged  , for example.The scanned document collection was based on the 21 ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 December 1999. Measuring the actual recognition performance of the OCR system relative to the reference transcription is a topic of current work.Halloween " is a topic  , which is reported once per year  , thus  , each year's reports can be regarded as an event; for " Earthquake " and " Air Disaster "   , their events lists can be found from corresponding official websites. Because manually defining events are very subjective  , we use similar methods to define and label events just like the TDT project. "For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9.Experiments make it clear that the number of on-topic stories – hence P rel – varies over different topics. The TDT cost function assumes that this probability is constant across topics.Our evaluations assume that the application load remains roughly constant  , and focus on the scalability of denormalized applications. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications.So  , an event should be stated in at least one declarative independent clause. In the task definition of TDT  , a story is defined as " a topically cohesive segment of news that includes two or more declarative independent clauses about a single event " 1.Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers.We have de£ned temporal summarization  , a new and important variant of the text summarization task. We will do that by using the topic clusters generated by TDT systems.For open questions with no answer   , we infer the question posting time based on the latest activity timestamp on the question page. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer.While different servlets issue different sets of queries  , any one servlet will typically issue the same set of database queries  , albeit with different parameters. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet.Finally we also evaluated with a precision-oriented metric CyyJCm~ ,  , = 10  , which rewards forming very pure clusters  , and is more tolerant of splitting topics into several system clusters. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall.The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics.Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology.This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart.This design also allowed for a clear separation between architectural and system-level concerns. The design of the middleware's architectural support recall Figure 3 remained intact as we ported it from Java to C++.For our English baselines  , relevance feedback improved the title-only queries  , but did not appreciably change when longer topic statements were used. In Table 5 we report the percentage of mean average precision achieved by each bilingual run performed with intact translation resources when pre-translation expansion was not used.Indeed  , because the user profile and a stream of relevant documents define a far smaller universe of documents than encountered in the TDT task  , we might expect novelty/redundancy detection in a filtering environment to be an easier task than FSD in TDT. We would also expect the two tasks to be sensitive to different vocabulary patterns.Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2.Given a concurrent execution of a set of transactions i.e.  , an interleaved sequence of operations compensation for one of the transactions  , T  , can be modeled as an attempt to cancel the operations of T while leaving the rest of the sequence intact. In the classical transaction model only the sequences are dealt with  , whereas the programs are abstracted and ire of little use.The algorithm we propose relies on a parameter α to balance the replication between documents and postings. If the query only contains one term  , then the replication operation is trivial  , and the algorithm determines that tdt 1 should be w. However  , if the query contains several terms  , then the algorithm has to decide whether it should replicate documents or posting lists.We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . We are currently investigating this hypothesis.As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision.1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer.Frames associated with 50 general events were constructed by hand. One study that is close in spirit to the TDT work was done by DeJong using frame-based objects called " sketchy scripts " 8.Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements.Our distributed TPC-W system can operate normally while being partitioned because the databases are replicated locally through distributed objects  , and they can continuously provide data for server computation while partitioned by network outage. It implies that the throughput of systems with both messaging layers is consistent throughout the session  , and the network failures during the session have little effect on the system.These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics.In that task  , a system is expected to monitor a stream of stories on a particular topic and extract sentences that discuss new developments within the topic. The one task within TDT that most closely resembles this work is " new information detection " 5.The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner.Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d.In this paper we investigated if improved FSD performance could be achieved when a composite document representation was used in this TDT task. Results from data fusion research have suggested that significant improvements in system effectiveness can be obtained by combining multiple index representations  , query formulations and search strategies.As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users.With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles.The approaches in the literature for event representation can be divided to two groups: The first approach describes an event in the sentence level by an intact text or individual terms 5  , 36. Illustration of more such events can be see in Figure 5.The count is smoothed by a sliding window scheme to assign partial credit to system boundaries at incorrect positions that are close to the reference boundaries. Most currently used story segmentation measures  , such as P k 2  , TDT Cseg 3 and WindowDiff 4  are based on counting the number of incorrectly proposed boundaries.If the query only contains one term  , then the replication operation is trivial  , and the algorithm determines that tdt 1 should be w. However  , if the query contains several terms  , then the algorithm has to decide whether it should replicate documents or posting lists. t |q| .Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set.The main advantage of n-grams over tokens is the capability to detect subwords such as " watch "   , without requiring an explicit list of valid terms. For example  , the token allwatchers gives rise to the 5- grams " allwa "   , " llwat "   , " lwatc "   , " watch "   , " atche "   , " tcher " and " chers "   , whereas info is kept intact for n = 5.When considering whether the content of a lengthy video might be personally interesting to the participant  , small snippets of the original video can be invaluable. One participant searched for " Japanese anime " Observation J3 but was only interested in videos with associated English audio  , while Participant D was interested only in Chinese content with the original audio intact.Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data.A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. Example 2.One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS.We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. editors  , actors and CEOs.In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site.The corpus was divided in this way in order to allow a holdout validation   , with initial model development on the training data  , model refinement being performed on the development data  , and final system evaluation being performed on the evaluation sub-corpus. This corpus was used in the 1998 TDT task  , and is divided into three sections: training January and February  , development March and April  , and evaluation May and June.Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations.Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time.Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline.article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g.Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site.It would be useful to delete such a sentence  , while leaving the rest of the sequence intact  , but as yet we have not given this matter enough attention to know whether such a procedure would be safe. For instance  , an otherwise tidy sequence of sentences may include one which contains some undesirable feature see end of Section 11.5  , below.As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing .In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information.Section 3 discusses the corpus and evaluation measures that are used in this study. In Section 2 we discuss the TDT initiative  , its basic ideas  , and some related work.In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U.K.TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. Both are based on the rates of two kinds of errors a detection system can make: misses  , in which the system gives a no answer where the correct answer is yes  , and false alarms  , in which the system gives a yes answer where the correct answer is no.Some efforts have been made to classify news stories or other documents into broad subject areas automatically using nearest neighbor matching 16  , pattern matchingg  , or other algorithms based on supervised training4  , 13  , 171. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community.A good case can be made for the suitability of the full collection of words as the basra for determining document similarity and eventually clusters. In the TDT effort  , and m most other clustering work for information indexing and retrieval purposes  , the words in the document have dominated as the sole features on which the clustering is based.This involves running the selected tool and then re-characterizing the output to both discover the technical characteristics of the new files created and to check that all the components are still present  , the relationships between them are intact and that the list of properties described above have indeed remained invariant. Once preservation planning has been completed  , the next step is then to carry out the migration.According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees.Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset.We adopt the TDT cost function to evaluate our result-filtering task. The TDT cost function is based on the probabilities of missing relevant results  , Pmiss  , and retrieving non-relevant results  , Pfa  , combining them by explicitly assigning a cost to each  , C miss and C fa   , and weighting this combination by the relative amount of relevant documents in general  , Prel  , as shown in Equation 1.Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact.The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging.The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology.So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data.People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g.  , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " .This definition is problematic because representation invariants are rarely expressed and even more rarely formalized in production software. Of course  , thread safety is not a precise concept: it is generally taken to mean that clients may only access a resource when the representation invariants of the resource are intact.Events are typically short in duration and thus only a small portion of any corpus will be about any particular event. Systems in the TDT domain must be able to distinguish between events  , regardless of whether they are part of the same topic or not.It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999.The TDT-2 corpus contains text transcripts of broadcast news in English and Chinese spanning from January 1  , 1998 to June 30  , 1998. There should be a significant overlap between these two sets  , and there should be some correlation between features extracted by our system and human assigned descriptors.With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query.Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies.Our primary purpose at this stage in our research is to check whether our basic hypothesis  , that words that tend to cohere spatially also tend to bear content  , is valid. Thus in spite of the fact that the definition of a textual unit as a whole document might have a negative impact on the results  , the general ability of our filters to identify content bearing words remains intact.Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19.Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891.The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 .Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. The remaining 11 test topics were never looked at except to present £nal information for this paper.However  , the main drawback of adapting these techniques for the new hot bursty events detection problem is that they require many parameters and it is very difficult to find an effective way to tune these parameters. The related works include TDT 2  , 3  , 14  , 18  , 21  , 26  , 27  , text mining 9  , 13  , 14  , 17  , 19  , 20  , 22   , and visualiza- tion 7  , 11  , 24 .The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g.  , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework.We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word.Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1.We employ the single-pass clustering algorithm incremental clustering which is tested in TDT 20 as the baseline algorithm. Thread detection is in fact the task of grouping the messages in the text stream into different groups and each group represents a topic.For instance  , iRefIndex consists of 13 datasets BIND  , BioGRID  , CORUM  , DIP  , HPRD  , InnateDB  , IntAct  , MatrixDB  , MINT  , MPact  , MPIDB  , MPPI and OPHID while NCBO's Bioportal collection currently consists of 100 OBO ontologies including ChEBI  , Protein Ontology and the Gene Ontology. R2 also includes 3 datasets that are themselves aggregates of datasets which are now available as one resource.Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available.The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5.Also  , the casual users need not feel intimidated when adding annotations as there is no risk of altering the original document. The system can be inserted in many contexts  , including situations where the original files do not support annotations or must remain intact  , as in a digital preservation environment.The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest.The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling.All four systems evaluated in  TDT-2002 cluding ours are using it. Currently  , TFIDF is the prevailing technique for document representation and term weighting for the New Event Detection task.Interestingly  , this algorithm can be used effectively in certain scenarios of incremental classification.   , and queue need to be initialized  , leaving the background ontology O p and possibly its classification information R t   , S t intact.This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method.While it is difficult to prove causal relationships  , our data analysis shows strong correlative relationships between Quora's internal structures and user behavior. We find that all three of its internal graphs  , a user-topic follow graph  , a userto-user social graph  , and a related question graph  , serve complementary roles in improving effective content discovery on Quora.However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance.The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years.Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations.Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ?The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g.  , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework.It is  , however  , the most popular incremental clustering algorithm as can be seen from its popularity in the event detection domain -see TDT. The Single-Pass method also suffers from this disadvantage  , as well as from being order dependant and from having a tendency to produce large clusters Rasmussen  , 92.Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal.The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web.Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. 2.SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense.The key concern is users who have many followers can get their followers to vote for their answers  , thus gaining an " unfair advantage " over other users. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways.This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986.In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps.Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES.We illustrate the benefits of Hilda using a Course Management System and an Online Book Store application that is based on the TPC-W benchmark. The values we present in the next section are therefore averages over two runs of the simulation.In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. But the data on the other N-l discs is still available for reading and writing solving problem 2 above.Some bins had more  , some less  , than 500 documents  , due to the fact that messages were assigned to bins intact parent email together with all attachments  , making it impossible to see that every bin had exactly 500 documents. Once samples were drawn  , the messages in each sample were randomly divided into " bins " of approximately 500 documents each.There are  , however  , differences in the application of TFIDF. All four systems evaluated in  TDT-2002 cluding ours are using it.Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001.For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. meet the soft deadline.Early work kept the basic principles of the model intact   , while adding nesting Mos87  , BBG89  or exploiting commutativity properties of a general set of database operations as opposed to simply read and write Kor83  , BR92  , Weiss. A basic theme that runs through these three papers as well as others appearing around that time is the following: The consequences of rigid adherence to the ACID properties are too draconian for these then-new applications  , yet there is an appeal to the conceptual framework of the transaction abstraction that should not be entirely abandoned.We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain.This is probably the reason that TDT annotators included the documents in the topic. However  , the documents of Theme 4 mentioned that Russian President Vladimir Putin was the target of the legislative bill because he used inappropriate foreign words when speaking to the families of the sailors killed in the submarine disaster.This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE.This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 .Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month.As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers.Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music.We estimate the total number of questions in Quora for each month by looking at the largest qid of questions posted in that month. Since reading the question does not update this " latest activity " timestamp  , this timestamp can estimate posting time for unanswered questions.All subsequent links pass through the proxy server and are redirected to the vendor system with session connection information intact. Figure 2The short entry results are displayed to the user  , via a proxy server  , from the actual vendor system that was searched.The poor agreement between assessors on what constitutes a topic is not very surprising  , as debates on what topic means have occurred throughout the TDT research project. Only twenty of the 146 were not judged to be a single topic by the majority of assessors  , and of these twenty there were only three where the assessors unanimously agreed.separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e.A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility.For example  , we decided to leave some clones intact because similarity level was not worth the effort of unification. As a final remark  , although XVCL pushes the envelope further on unifying clones  , one should apply it only when the benefit is worth the effort.BBN also gave NIST a basic language modeling toolkit to work with. GTE/BBN offered NIST a LINUX instantiation of their fast BYBLOS Rough 'N Ready recognizer which now operated at 4Xrt to use as a baseline in the SDR and TDT tests Kubala  , et al.  , 2000.Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents .We proposed two strategies to collect data from About.me. To accurately establish this mapping  , we employ the emerging social services such as About.me 3 and Quora 4   , where they encourage users to explicitly list their multiple social accounts on one profile.In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z.Assuming that they used a different training corpus to select a value  , this indicates that even the averages vary with the corpus and cannot be assumed constant. Further  , the average P rel across all stories is 0.002 which is different from the number assumed in the standard TDT cost function 0.02.We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. This cost measure is parameterized by an adjustable parameter Cj=/Cm~ which controls the relative costs of misses and false alarms.Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4.We choose our incremental TF- IWF model to weight terms for its steadier performance in our experiments. Incremental TF-IDF model is widely applied to term weight calculation in TDT 3  , 5  , 7  , 13 .We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers.The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . entity.Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ?The trees that remained intact during the last traversal are reused and the new aggregate values are added on. The two rightmost child trees are created again but now with the new values from the b1 subtree.The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. The result   , discussed below  , provides further support that this qid can be used as an estimate of total questions in the system.Three sample queries are shown: the " Exec Search " request  , which is relatively inexpensive with an execution time of about 400 milliseconds   , shown in Figure 11; the " Admin Response " request  , which is complex and weighs in at roughly 4.8 seconds  , shown in Fig- ure 12; and the " Average " request  , shown in Figure 13  , the average across all queries in TPC-W  , which is 425 milliseconds. Figures 11  , 12 and 13 show response times under both the FIFO and SJF policies   , distinguishing execution time from waiting time.Samples were composed following the allocation plan sketched above Section 2.1  , whereby strata are represented in the sample largely in accordance with their full-collection proportions. The operative unit for stratification was the message  , and messages were assigned intact parent email together with all attachments to strata.Consequently the original datasets were left intact.  Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels.RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g.  , Walmart. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860.This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact.Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners.For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates.Thus  , the contribution of the quotation keywords to the overall frequency of the term varies based on the value of the corresponding impact factor. Other similarity and distance measures  , such as Hellinger distance and Kullback- Leiber divergence are also shown to work well in the TDT domain 3  , 5  , 37.Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases.We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods.Note that the scales of the y-axis are different across all figures. Three sample queries are shown: the " Exec Search " request  , which is relatively inexpensive with an execution time of about 400 milliseconds   , shown in Figure 11; the " Admin Response " request  , which is complex and weighs in at roughly 4.8 seconds  , shown in Fig- ure 12; and the " Average " request  , shown in Figure 13  , the average across all queries in TPC-W  , which is 425 milliseconds.However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content.The topics have been used in several evaluations and the story–topic assignments have been con£rmed by quality assurance cycles. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics.In other words  , the emphasis of our problem is to identify sets of bursty features  , whereas the emphasis of TDT is to find clusters of documents. The key issue of our hot bursty events detection is to find the minimal sets of bursty features automatically.This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%.After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset.Figure 4presents the computation of the thresholds for the query " t4  , t5 " . We adapt RIP to apply the replication thresholds tdt and tpt on blocks of documents and postings instead of single el- ements.Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training.Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10.RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure.The ROI can be seen as a higher-level categoriztion of the events. Events for the TDT tasks are further categorized into " rules of interpretation " ROI.Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e.  , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance.Example. In this way  , the global schema remains intact.Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones.It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music.One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 .Our results showed that a marginal increase in system effectiveness is achieved when lexical chain semantic representations were used in conjunction with proper noun syntactic representations. In this paper we investigated if improved FSD performance could be achieved when a composite document representation was used in this TDT task.Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. Our focus is on effective resource allocation in multi-tiered systems  , and we assume an architecture such as the one used by the TPC-W benchmark  , a standard benchmark that is routinely used for capacity planning of e-commerce systems and that consists of a front server hosting a web server and an application server  , and a back-end database.Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners.This includes bibliographic data such as author  , title  , identifier  , publication date and usage data such as the IP address of the accessing agent  , the date and time of access  , type of usage  , etc. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems.Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization.Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. 2.It was expected that teachers with lower experience would be less likely to customize. Hypothesis 2 was posed to provide understanding of whether teachers' varying level of teaching experience influenced the desire to customize materials versus download them intact.Intuitively  , an event  , like " Earthquake in Afghanistan on May 30  , 1998 "   , could be captured by a few semantic elements  , such as date  , location  , persons or organizations involved. In our study  , we use one on-topic story for training  , as required in recent TDT evaluations 3.Although that assumption was known to be incorrect  , it is used in the evaluation's official cost function. The TDT evaluation program assumes a constant for the probability that a story is on topic.Datasets. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model.The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact.However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search.For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data.This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 .For the GALE project we trained segmentation models using data from multiple news programs from Al Arabiya and Al Jazeera Arabic  , and Phoenix Infonews Chinese. The lowest Cseg values for the full version of our system are 0.0593 for English and 0.0528 for Chinese  , compared with the 0.0810 and 0.0670 reported by the state of the art system in TDT-3 also shown on Figure 1c.If the content remains unchanged  , the hashes will still match at the root. If the structure remains intact  , the change is quickly localized and the relatively expensive token alignment can be applied only to the affected subtree.An algorithm based on the linguistic features for text message analysis is also put forward. In this paper  , we choose the single-pass clustering algorithm which is popular in TDT as the baseline and then propose three variations of the single-pass clustering algorithm to take the temporal information into consideration .Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact .To address this problem  , and at the same time down-weight frequent terms  , we developed stop lists for each category from training stories in TDT-2. Hence constraining the stories into water-tight categories proved detrimental in our case.It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 .Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. A particularly inspiring feature of the AQL optimizer is that it has the powerful capability of optimizing operators or newly added functions on the calculus level  , i.e.  , by application of variations of λ-calculus reductions over the operators definitions.Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user.Thus we do not discuss the effects of classification accuracy to NED performance in the paper. Since the class labels of topic-off stories are not given in TDT datasets  , we cannot give the classification accuracy here.Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions.The Spoken Document transcriptions used in our experiments are taken from the TDT-2 version 3 CD-ROMs. The recognition performance of this transcription is shown in Figure 1In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. For various subsets of the datasets discussed above  , we choose number of topics as twice the number of classes.Although other approaches to identifier splitting have used a dictionary to further split identifier words with no boundaries 15  , 24  , such as " scrollbar " or " textfield  , " in this work we have conservatively chosen to leave such words intact. Body statements present additional challenges in determining appropriate direct and indirect objects.  , and queue need to be initialized  , leaving the background ontology O p and possibly its classification information R t   , S t intact. To be precise  , we simply dump the values ofIn the task definition of TDT  , a story is defined as " a topically cohesive segment of news that includes two or more declarative independent clauses about a single event " 1. Why we choose the most important event clause for filtering ?We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia.The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data.He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. His visual fields are intact.To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern.In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users.Design trade-offs for our distributed TPC-W system are guided by our project goal of providing high availability and good performance for e-commerce edge services as well as by technology trends. We also assume edge servers and the backend server communicate through secured channels though our current prototype does not encrypt network traffic.We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents.In TDT the atomic units were documents   , which were grouped into those discussing the same event. These tasks all share the insight that atomic units of information should be grouped together into semantic equivalence classes to provide more useful responses to users we refer to this generically as " clustering " .To cater to the characteristics of text stream  , we propose three variations of the single-pass clustering algorithm. We employ the single-pass clustering algorithm incremental clustering which is tested in TDT 20 as the baseline algorithm.UMass also uses TDIDF and single link; all their TFIDF statistics are generated incrementally. Except for a set of slides at the TDT-2001 meeting 6  , no information about their system is available.Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " .The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere .While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data.If the system is being evaluated for 4 training stories  , then the training corpus is all stories up to and including the fourth training story and the test corpus is the remainder of the corpus. For those reasons  , the TDT corpus is split into training and test information at a different point for each event.The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing.Other similarity and distance measures  , such as Hellinger distance and Kullback- Leiber divergence are also shown to work well in the TDT domain 3  , 5  , 37. Once a keyword weight vector is computed for a message  , the cosine similarity between this vector and the keyword vector of the parent message or the keyword vector representing the segment being computed so far can be used to classify the input message as having a new topic or being of the same topic as that of the parent.The truth is  , although there are many unwanted terms in the expanded query model from feedback documents  , there are also more relevant terms than what the user can possibly select from the list of presentation terms generated with pseudo-feedback documents  , and the positive effects often outweights the negative ones. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304.For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features.Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded.The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . We prepare two datasets for experiments.We follow the general lead of the original TDT-2 benchmark evaluation schema. Each topic also comes with one " seed " story that is presumed to be representative for the topic.To compensate for the fact that the number of off-topic stories is far greater than the number of on-topic stories  , and that the difference varies across topics  , the cost also includes a factor which depends on the prior probability of finding an on-topic story. Fiscus and Doddington 2 provide an excellent review of the TDT community's motivations in coming up with that cost function .Each user has a " Top page  , which displays updates on recent activities and participated questions of their friends followees  , as well as recent questions under the topic they followed. Each Quora user has a profile that displays her bio information  , previous questions and answers  , followed topics  , and social connections followers and followees.Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing.We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation.Note that different workloads may benefit from additional features or optimizations than we choose for the TPC-W catalog object. Similar behavior can also be found in other applications such as IBM's geographically-distributed sporting and event service 9  , traditional web caching  , edge-server content assembly  , dynamic data caching 10 and personalization.For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms.We use TPC-W benchmark  , which simulates a bookstore Web site. To this end  , we exercise an application on a hosting server with client requests  , then at some point we deallocate it  , and then re-deploy it again.We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison.Table 3 presents the accuracy comparison of static QAC  , Filtering QAC  , and adaQAC-Batch. We set TDT = 0.9 and TP = 1.The integrity of these services is assumed to remain intact even in the event of a full DBMS compromise. We also assume a trusted and independent audit log validation service which  , given access to a copy of the database  , will verify the validity of the audit log.The composition of the parallel corpus is detailed in Table 2. We discuss the impact of adding the TDT corpus in section 5.Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous.To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture.To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data.However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest.Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. The catalog instances at edge servers read the update  , apply it to the local database  , and serve it when requested by clients.These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache.In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity.Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. Recommendations to Groups.The new terms are processed and added to the display  , leaving the earlier portion of the query display intact. The user can also add new terms to an existing query by appending them to the original natural language query string.In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study.Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3.This is too small a number for a statistically reliable estimation of performance. Since there are only 25 events containing 1131 stories defined in the TDT corpus  , and each event has only one story as the first report of that event  , only 25 stories should have a flag of New for the entire corpus. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? Can they generate and focus user attention on individual questions  , thus setting them apart from questions on related topics ?Therefore  , uncertainty quantification is important to MESUR as it will help to assess the reliability of results obtained from mining the reference data set. It should be noted that both the filtering and de-duplication sub-tasks are inherently statistical procedures  , and that the achieved success rates influence the quality of the reference data set.In order to exclude network performance problems  , we redeployed the TPC-W benchmark to Setup B which provides a higher network bandwidth. The additional traffic leads to collisions that even result in a declining throughput for high load Curve 2 in Figure 5a and long response times Bar 2 in Figure 5b.Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user.To highlight key results  , we use comparisons against Stack Overflow  , a popular Q&A site without an integrated social network. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success.This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1.A new evaluation metric is required for the hierarchical structure; the minimal cost metric described by Allan et al 1 is used. Within TDT a participant's cluster structure is evaluated by identifying the best cluster for each of the topics from a manually composed ground truth.Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted.By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8.Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run.In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication.This is a proxy since the AppServs processes do not report they have finished " waking-up " as it was the case for the regular startup JBoss reports the startup time. We use the completion of a small application request the home page of TPC-W to indicate that the application instance is active.Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. 3.The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators.In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services.Of these  , 96 have exhaustive relevance judgments where an evaluation was done for every document in the collection  , and the other 96 have a pooled evaluation  , with many documents tagged  , but not all documents have been compared to those topics . The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments.For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute.In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is.This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks.Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. shtml.Intuitively  , using cluster topic vectors to compare with subsequent news stories should outperform using story vectors. Nevertheless  , in TDT domain  , we need to discriminate documents with regard to topics rather than queries.Two forms of transcription are available for the audio stream. TDT data consist of a stream of news in multiple languages and from different media -audio from television  , radio  , and web news broadcasts  , and text from newswires.Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes.So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact.Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time.The input data was 50 TDT English newswire clusters and each cluster contained 10 documents. The first experiment aimed to test the importance of term order in a document.Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus.Using a Mandarin text document as a query  , we obtained a monolingual baseline mean average precision mAP of 0.701 for word-based indexing and 0.762 for character-bigram indexing. Retrieval Performance: We indexed the ASR transcriptions of the TDT-2 Mandarin audio using the HAIRCUT system.ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www.It is desirable in TDT to have a cost function which has a constant threshold across topics. The problem lies in the assumption of P rel being constant.The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions.All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32.New coming stories are clustered into new topic candidates according to their pair-wise similarities  , which is similar to the process of Topic Detection in TDT. As pointed out in 9  , the similarity calculated equals to the inner product between topic vectors of cluster A and B  , so the topic similarity calculation is the same as the story similarity calculation.Events for the TDT tasks are further categorized into " rules of interpretation " ROI. The event frequency ef w is defined as follows:Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters.Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags.Paul  , Hong  , and Chi found that  , on Quora  , users judge expertise and reputation of answers based on previous contributions 26. Expertise has been shown to be an important factor when people decide how and who to ask for information 6  , 12.Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity.7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result.Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of theNew LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used.The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes.Our goal  , on the other hand  , is to identify as many events in documents as possible  , and to use the identified events for calculating document similarity. In contrast to our work  , however  , TDT systems try to identify a main event that can be associated with documents.Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size.The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events.We choose TDT4 dataset to run experiments  , which contains 80 events annotated from almost 28 ,500 news articles . The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection .We will do that by using the topic clusters generated by TDT systems. We are now looking at the impact of completely off-topic stories.Nevertheless  , in TDT domain  , we need to discriminate documents with regard to topics rather than queries. The basic idea is that the fewer documents a term appears in  , the more important the term is in discrimination of documents relevant or not relevant to a query containing the term.The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations.We adapt RIP to apply the replication thresholds tdt and tpt on blocks of documents and postings instead of single el- ements. The first block has size k  , and the size of the following blocks increases exponentially  , using a power of 2.Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development.In many ways  , the temporal summarization problem is an event-and sentence-level analogue of TDT's " £rst story detection " problem  , where the task is to identify the £rst story that discusses each topic in the news. The problems tackled by TDT are all story-based rather than sentence based. Journal-level usage events: All article-level usage events were converted to journal-level usage events to facilitate the interpretation and cross-validation of initial results. The preliminary results discussed in the following sections were generated on the basis of an early subset of the MESUR data set that was selected to offer the best possible outcomes at the time:  200 million article-level usage events: A subset consisting of the most thoroughly validated and deduplicated usage events.TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1.Then  , the allocations produced by the policy are identical for corresponding facts in D and D . Let D be any database and let D be obtained from D by possibly modifying the measure attribute values in each fact r arbitrarily but keeping the dimension attribute values in r intact.We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact.An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Information for this result can be found in 8.Other work on news summarization  , including work that uses the TDT corpora  , focuses on single or multi-document summarization 25  , 34  , 12 of the stories  , without attempting to capture the changes over time. Maybury's work on event data 24 is different than this work because he was focused on events from simulations or application data rather than on events within news topics.Session identifiers  , anonymized user identifiers  , anyonymized IP addresses  , and event timestamps are information elements that are at the core of this process. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set.We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency.They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2.Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful.Unfortunately we could not do the same for question page views  , because Quora only reveals the identity of users who answer questions   , but not those who browse each question. We verify this intuition by examining for each question the percentage of answers that came from followers of the question's topics.Nallapati and Allan 5  represent term dependencies in a sentence using a maximum spanning tree and generate a sentence tree language model for the story link detection task in TDT. Term dependencies can be measured using their co-occurrence statistics.We substantiate these claims through extensive experimentation of a prototype implementation running the TPC-W benchmark over an emulated wide-area net- work. Our system provides Web-based data-intensive applications the same advantages that content delivery networks offer to traditional Web sites: low latency and reduced network usage.Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23.The transcription set used is designated as1 on this release and was generated by NIST using the BBN BYBLOS Rough'N'Ready transcription system using a dynamically updated rolling language model. The Spoken Document transcriptions used in our experiments are taken from the TDT-2 version 3 CD-ROMs.As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard.In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms.Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a.Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions.This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 .Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip.For those reasons  , the TDT corpus is split into training and test information at a different point for each event. Unfortunately  , events occur at different times  , meaning that it is nearly impossible to use the same training and test set for each event.In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10.Though the precise details of topics and stories in the TDT4 corpus are still unavailable  , the fact that all the systems that were run on it as part of this year's official TDT evaluations performed badly lends credence to the belief that the TDT4 corpus is more challenging than the TDT3 corpus. Figure 8shows the DET curves for SYSTEM 1  , SYSTEM 2  , and SYSTEM 3.The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats.In contrast  , the naturally evolving nature of discussion threads and the need for fine-granularity segment boundary identification make the problem of topic segmentation significantly harder than the new-event detection problem addressed by the TDT technologies. For example  , the method proposed in 5 is based on an incremental TF-IDF model  , and it involves segmentation of documents to locate all stories on a previously unseen new event in a stream of news stories.This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster.The related question graph provides an easy way for users to browse through Quora's repository of questions with similarity as a distance metric. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora.Figure 1displays part of the interactive timeline generated for the complete TDT-2 corpus  , comprising six months of data. The ten most highly ranked clusters  , and the assigned labels  , are presented in Table 4.We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. We expect that using more resources the curve would grow faster again up to the point where the small data services need four servers.The requirement is incorrect and the Sender is not convinced that it is correct he feels that something is wrong. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding.For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few.The system can be inserted in many contexts  , including situations where the original files do not support annotations or must remain intact  , as in a digital preservation environment. These features don't require modification of the original documents or impose further restrictions  , and thus can be adopted without any additional infrastructures.For the TPC-W benchmark  , PPD excludes Synchronized Methods and Database Locks as potential root causes in its first iteration. If the response time of the JDBC-Calls increases disproportionally with the workload while no physical resource is fully utilized  , DB locks are a potential root cause of the observed performance problem.Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " .We manually checked these users and found that they were legitimate accounts  , and come from various backgrounds such as CEOs  , cofounders   , bloggers  , students  , and were all very active Quora users. Finally  , a very small portion of users 27 or 0.01% followed more than 1000 topics.In the scholarly community  , while articles  , journals  , conference proceedings  , and the like are well documented and represented in formats that lend themselves to analysis  , other information  , such as usage data  , tends to be less explicit due to the inherent privacy issues surrounding individual usage behavior. Thus  , the MESUR ontology is constrained to bibliographic and usage data since these are the primary sources of scholarly data.What role do the " related questions " feature play ?  Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ?Crowdsourcing sensitivity and domain judgements. We trained 3 LDA models  , using the Mallet topic modeling toolkit: i with 500 topics  , on 600K Quora posts we crawled ii with 200 topics  , on 3M posts from health Q&A online forums  , and iii with 500 topics  , on a sample of 700K articles from the New York Times NYT news archive.The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation.Here the results were stronger. We also asked the assessors to compare the generated clusters with the TDT-2 topics and indicate if they agreed.Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e.  , age > m is 0.To ensure higher competitiveness   , the model is tuned among the 300 threshold value combinations in §2.4. In §2.4 we set up Filtering QAC with relevance scores  , by additionally filtering out all the suggested queries with certain dwell time thresholds TDT  and position thresholds TP  in the subsequent keystrokes in a composition.We describe details below. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes.Before diving into main analytical results of our work  , we begin in this section by first describing our data gathering methodology and presenting some preliminary results. We also analyze some high level metrics of the Quora data  , while using Stack Overflow as a baseline for comparison.It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact.There is no high-quality human reference transcription available for TDT- 2 -only " closed-caption " quality transcriptions for the television sources and rough transcripts quickly made for the radio sources by commercial transcription services. The collection contains a total of 21 ,754 stories with an average length of 180 words totalling about 385 hours of audio data.The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set.In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem.The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties.Systems in the TDT domain must be able to distinguish between events  , regardless of whether they are part of the same topic or not. For example  , the EgyptAir-990 crash is an event  , but not a topic  , and "airplane accidents" is a topic but not an event.In §2.4 we set up Filtering QAC with relevance scores  , by additionally filtering out all the suggested queries with certain dwell time thresholds TDT  and position thresholds TP  in the subsequent keystrokes in a composition. The optimal weights in Personal-S α = 0.34 and TimeSense-S α = 0.42 achieve the highest MRR for static QAC.To simplify the problem slightly for the pilot study  , we generally ignored issues of degraded text coming from speech recordings  , and used written newswire sources and human-transcribed stories from broadcast news. The goals of creating the corpus and evaluation methodology were two-fold: 1 to make strides toward a solid definition of " event " as outlined in Section 2.1  , and 2 to evaluate how well " state of the art " approaches could address the TDT tasks.Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7.Table 1 shows topic-weighted and story weighted minimum normalized costs for our systems on the TDT3 dataset. When testing on TDT3  , we used TDT2 for training  , when testing on TDT4 the official TDT-2002 evaluation data  , we used TDT2 and TDT3 for training.There are a number of future directions for this work. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress.This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully.Distributed objects may be a simple way to achieve both high availability and good consistency for some large-scale systems in the wide area network. In this section we discuss the design and evaluation of the key distributed objects in the distributed TPC-W system.The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations.The first set contains transaction Purchase  , and the two atomic sets Docart and Getcart; the second set contains the Adminconfirm transaction  , the third set contains only the Updaterelated transaction. First  , the transactions and atomic sets of the TPC-W workload impose the creation of four sets of transactions whose targeted data do not overlap.This approach is based on the system used by the University of Massachusetts at Amherst at the latest TDT workshop 3. The similarity between the cluster and an incoming document is the average similarity between the incoming document and every document in the cluster.Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 .The following concepts are formally defined in TDT community 12:  Topic: seminal event or activity along with all directly related events and activities.  Story: a topically cohesive segment of news that includes two or more declarative independent clauses about a single event.The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. Moreover the system can easily be extended to support other data sources only by adding support for the protocol used to communicate with the source.Tables showing  , for each topic  , the stratum-by-stratum partitioning of the collection  , the samples drawn from each stratum  , and the pre-and post-adjudication assessments attached to those samples are provided in an appendix to this document Appendix A. The operative unit for selection into a sample was the message  , and any message selected was included intact parent email together with all attachments in the sample.By going back to first principles we can derive a new cost function which will have a constant threshold. This is  , after all  , one of the goals of TDT.In this study  , we also described measures of summary effectiveness that are based upon the traditional recall and precision measures . We have built and described an evaluation corpus based on 22 topics from TDT news stories.We used the DET software provided in the TDT project to generate the DET curves  , and converted each data point a pair of miss/false-alarm values in these DET curves to the corresponding recall and precision values noninterpolated  to obtain the recall-precision curves. These curves were obtained by moving thresholds on the confedence scores of detection decisions.Naturally  , a TDT system would not make decision based on sheer temporal similarity  , but we believe it will provide valuable additional evidence. We show that this overlap  , coverage  , is higher when two documents discuss the same event than when they are not.Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. All other buffer pool pages are preserved.This storage remains intact and available across system failures. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g.  , disk.Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com.These criteria  , also known as significant properties  , constitute the set of attributes of an object that should be maintained intact during a preservation intervention. Again  , these evaluations will be performed according to multiple criteria.Importantly  , data denormalization does not imply any loss in terms of consistency or transactional properties. We applied this methodology to three standard benchmark applications and showed that it allows TPC-W  , the most challenging of the three  , to scale by at least an order of magnitude compared to master-slave database replication.While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2.Previous TDT research I has tended to focus on building better clustering techniques to improve detection accuracy. In this project we are concerned mainly with the task of online new event detection.We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6.18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. Garcia et al.This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer.Even though some of these instances might not be required for running some of our applications  , they represent an important and resourceful part of the KB and can be considered as a type of ontology use  , and hence it was deemed important to make sure that all these instances remain intact. Figure 1gives some idea on how sparsely instantiated the AKTRO is in our repository.Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data.For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology.If a failure  , disaster or intentional attack affects the metadata catalog  , it can cause a total data loss  , even if the data stored on the other nodes remain intact. This metadata catalog is supported by a centralized database system  , which represents a point of failure when used in the context of a preservation scenario.We are investigating those issues. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure.Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . However  , current approaches e.g.Since only 25 events in the corpus were judged  , an evaluation methodology developed for the TDT study was used to expand the number of trials. For the detection task  , a miss occurs when the system fails to detect a new event  , and a false alarms occur when the system indicates a story contains a new event when it does not.The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs.The validity of what remains from that execution is now in serious doubt  , since originally transactions read data items updated by T and acted accordingly  , whereas now T's operations have vanished but its indirect impact on its dependent transactions is still apparent. Given a concurrent execution of a set of transactions i.e.  , an interleaved sequence of operations compensation for one of the transactions  , T  , can be modeled as an attempt to cancel the operations of T while leaving the rest of the sequence intact.Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part.We observe tremendous improvements of 100% to 200% percent  , by adding the TDT data  , even though this data was automatically generated using SYSTRAN. We show performance of Relevance Models estimated using just the Hong-Kong News portion of the corpus  , versus performance with the full corpus.If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets.Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products .The duration and number of cohesively topical segments can vary for our training/education category of videos. However  , there are several important differences that are unique to our problem domain: a Unlike the corpus of broadcast news audio used in TDT evaluations  , training and corporate videos can be quite heterogeneous  , b There is no notion of a story and the associated well-defined segment of expected relatively short duration.Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2.Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact.Since the majority of Quora profiles contain hundreds of posts  , to ensure that proper care is given to evaluating them  , we collected the judgements employing 19 students from our institutions. To evaluate the AOL and Health Q&A datasets  , we employed AMT master workers from the USA and collected 5 judgements for each of the profiles.Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ?To check this  , we used the pdftotext utility  , which extracts into plain UTF-8. One would hope that the text is preserved reasonably intact when transforming a text document.In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today.This is also known as soft thresholding and its application to the wavelet representation is known as wavelet shrinkage. perform thresholding is to shrink each retained coefficient towards zero  , rather than keeping them intact.Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period.Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions.The presence of a sharp rise in the TDT detection cost for the lowest threshold value can clearly be seen to result from present cost rather than model quality  , since that rise is not reflected in MAP. We also notice that the system can gain a good future utility at the expense of the present utility.TDT project has its own evaluation plan. The micro-average by summing all contingency tables of all events  , and then compute the three measures  and the macro-averageby averaging the three measures of all events are generally used measures.Nevertheless  , it is interesting to note that the proposed method can detect this incident and treats it as an isolated event i.e.  , e 14  in the evolution graph. This is probably the reason that TDT annotators included the documents in the topic.The goal of a topic detection algorithm is to impose an organization on a collection of documents such that the underlying topical structure is exposed. TDT comprises several tasks; in this paper we focus on the topic detection task.In GAC  , all articles are sorted in chronological order  , and then an agglomerative clustering is performed. 's algorithm12 were proposed several years ago  , in terms of empirical results  , it is still one of the best algorithms in TDT evaluations.For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3.In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. "BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. BRIGHTKITE.Table 2 shows some more factors for the TDT-1 collection which clearly reeect the vocabulary dealing with certain events: the war in Bosnia and Iraq  , the crisis in Rwanda  , and the earthquake in Kobe. In PLSA  , mixing proportions can be computed by EM iteration  , where the factors are xed such that only the mixing proportions P zjq are adapted in each MMstep.TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system.perform thresholding is to shrink each retained coefficient towards zero  , rather than keeping them intact. Additionally  , the best way to Figure 2: Illustration of intuition  , via two simple  , extreme examples: a1–3 perturbation most resilient to any true value leaks  , and b1–3 most resilient to any linear filtering.Best results on the TDT-2001 evaluation are reported with half time being around 2 days. The similarity to documents inside this window isBrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. BRIGHTKITE.Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches.We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request.Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs.For example  , the method proposed in 5 is based on an incremental TF-IDF model  , and it involves segmentation of documents to locate all stories on a previously unseen new event in a stream of news stories. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values.Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network.Detailed results of that study are reported elsewhere3; this paper presents advances in our understanding of the problem after the end of the pilot study. As the research is broadened to the larger TDT scope  , the unresolved questions become more troublesome.Note that this definition differs from the concept of event in AI and dialog systems. In TDT  , an event is usually understood as " some unique thing that happens at some point in time " 3.Thus both clusters are left intact. The cluster .3 ,.3 ,.2 pulls the mean up but the cluster .1 ,.05 ,.05 pulls it down somewhat and thus the partition point occurs between the two clusters.Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS.Since the class labels of topic-off stories are not given in TDT datasets  , we cannot give the classification accuracy here. Classification results are used for term reweighting in formula 11.The one task within TDT that most closely resembles this work is " new information detection " 5. In contrast  , the task discussed in this paper is based on a batch evaluation at the sentence level.Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. 4.Even in cases where there is a document  , an evaluation based on document rankings is not able to measure some of the key advantages of semantic search such as being able to give precise answers to factual questions or that answers can be computed by aggregating knowledge from different documents. This is the case for example with search engines that crawl and index Linked Data such as Sindice 19.This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact.After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations.We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results.Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships.In 19  , text generation is used to study the effect of a growing collection on inverted index maintenance strategies. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar.We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers.As for our method  , CI is always = 0 since we use runtime adaptation hence the UI representation e.g.  , HTML pages will remain completely intact at design-time. The research work that used AOP for adapting the UI's behavior 9 Section 2.2 relied on manually creating multiple adapted UI layouts hence we also consider its v value to be > 1.We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application.We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp.It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1.Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. Quora.In Table 5 we report the percentage of mean average precision achieved by each bilingual run performed with intact translation resources when pre-translation expansion was not used. A baseline of English monolingual performance is shown in Table  4  , for the three query forms title-only or T  , title+description or TD  , and title+description+narrative or TDN with and without the application of pseudo relevance feedback.User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. 1.Askers post new questions and assign them to categories selected from a predefined taxonomy  , such as Pets > Dogs in the example shown in Figure 1 . Answers is a question-centric CQA site  , as opposed to more social-centric sites such as Quora.The objective in the design of the printed version of the collection was to create story hardcopy similar in style to newspaper clippings. The scanned document collection was based on the 21 ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 December 1999.Cosine distance is a symmetric measure related to the angle between two vectors 6. Prior research showed that a Cosine distance based measure was useful for the TDT FSD task 4.A year-long pilot study was undertaken to define the problem clearly  , develop a test bed for research  , and evaluate the ability of current technologies to address the problem. The TDT tasks and evaluation approaches were developed by a joint effort between DARPA  , the University of Massachusetts  , Carnegie Mellon  , and Dragon Systems.TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. Topics are defined by a small number of training stories  , typically one to four  , and the task is to find all the stories on those topics in the incoming stream.The key ingredient in applications for which the ACID properties are too strict is interaction. Early work kept the basic principles of the model intact   , while adding nesting Mos87  , BBG89  or exploiting commutativity properties of a general set of database operations as opposed to simply read and write Kor83  , BR92  , Weiss.We also extract the topics of the questions in the cluster and rank the topics based on how many questions they are associated with. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. "The automated and generic nature of our instrumentation makes our approach transparent and helps developers keep their original source code intact. Moreover  , persistence is a cross-cutting concern   , so scattered changes are need over the application's code  , making it less maintainable.Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests.This is a difficult question to answer  , given Quora's own lack of transparency on its inner workings. So how does Quora succeed in directing the attention of its users to the appropriate content  , either to questions they are uniquely qualified to answer  , or to entertaining or informative answers of interest ?Even though our approach is external and treats the system as a black box  , we gain many of the benefits of admission control and request scheduling. Driving the system with the industry-standard TPC-W benchmark  , Gatekeeper achieves both stable behavior during overload and dramatically improved response times.We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. We obtain substantial performance Table 1Figure 1 b compares the baseline system with the system including the multi-window  , position in the show  , and sentence duration features.Benchmarks for system performance abound: the Transaction Processing Performance Council has defined at least 4 different benchmarks  , of which TPC-W which simulates a typical web-based e-commerce environment is perhaps the best known. A third area of autonomic system science that is worth noting is benchmarking.The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " .Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001.For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. 4.We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset.In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 .Given that the TDT program was already investigating technology for story segmentation  , we did not want to require SDR systems to find the topical boundaries in the audio recordings. Therefore  , it was decided that SU systems would output a ranked list of time pointers.The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ?TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers.For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path.This readonly data service can remain untouched  , but for the sake of the explanation we split it further during the second denormalization step. The remaining tables from TPC-W are effectively read-only and are clustered into a single data service.Thus we have retained the simple approach used last year  , based on overlapping rectangular windows of the audio stream 1 . Although other approaches   , such as those investigated in the TDT programme  , are of some interest  , we have no evidence of their suitability for spoken document retrieval.Adaptive Hypermedia: Adaptive hypermedia is a rich research field that dates back to the early 1990s 9. In contrast  , the naturally evolving nature of discussion threads and the need for fine-granularity segment boundary identification make the problem of topic segmentation significantly harder than the new-event detection problem addressed by the TDT technologies.Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community.One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6.This feature was not implemented at the time of the TDT submission  , and we cannot test this hypothesis since NIST has not published the labeled evaluation data yet. Our hypothesis is that results are slightly improved when excluding short documents  " noshort " .The First Story Detection FSD task is defined as detecting the first story that discusses a previouslyunknown event. A TDT system monitors a stream of chronologically-ordered documents  , usually news stories.In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives.We focus on English as a language and newspapers as the source since LODifier can currently only deal with English text and presumably degrades on potentially noisy automatic radio and TV transcripts. We follow the general lead of the original TDT-2 benchmark evaluation schema.