The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results.The Unified Medical Language System metathesaurus UMLS is a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts. Semantic groups provide a higher-order grouping of semantic types.These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " .Those concepts that are semantically related to both A and C according to the UMLS Semantic Network are considered as the implicitly related concepts of the query. where A is the set of biological objects and C is the set of biological processes.Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 .The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet.We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org.From our training data described in Section 3.1  , the top two ranked features from courses were: " courses " and " office hours " . We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty.4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. Qi et al.We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data.In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS.However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search.For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others.They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE.Figure 4illustrates the general pattern and an example. The query is parsed into UMLS concepts using MedTagger  , and the concepts are then used to search our Lucene index.On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure.The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each.The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. Ontological propagation.The UMLS links terms that refer to the same concept by assigning them the same CUI. Table 1shows a portion of the profile that is constructed for Patient A from a catheterization laboratory report and the discharge summary .We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related.In addition  , some rules are established  , according to whether the concept's semantic type belongs to what we summarize  , such as Neoplastic Process  , Sign or Symptom et al. In the process of query's auto-construction  , Metamap a tool to map biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus is used for extracting the medical concepts from the summary section of patient records.Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web.Extracted terms are expanded with synonyms identified using UMLS. For the document level measure  , the full paragraph run outperforms the other two  , implying that our structure extraction scheme is generating paragraphs that of relatively high value  , even when those paragraphs are relatively long.Even the UMLS  , which contains information from multiple vocabularies  , does not include all possible ways of classifying each medication or problem and available treatments. We also found that the standard reference resources e.g.  , RxNorm were lacking the breadth of information necessary for query expansion.We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study.The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web.Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. "The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9.The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages .We follow that approach and use an annotation property to uniformly refer to the semantic type of an entity e.g. As described below  , the UMLS defines 133 semantic types to represent important high level categories such as disease  , symptom  , organism or anatomical structure.Since the entities of DO and SYMP are disjoint  , this means that those entities must be defined in some of the UMLS ontologies as disease and symptom. In total 471 entities occur in the intersection of the initial sets.The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments .For a test-oriented query  , added terms included test  , evaluate  , diagnose  , guideline   , examination  , measurement  , imaging  , and UMLS semantic types Diagnostic Procedure and Laboratory Procedure. First  , the query was expanded based on the clinical question associated with the case.We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994.The number of instances of each GO term and associated synonyms were recorded for each article. All GO codes were extracted from the ontology and synonymous phrases were looked for in the UMLS Knowledge Server used in the retrieval task.The interesting thing to note is that the filtering using the Co-Occurrence relationships within the UMLS resulted in a slightly reduced number of alignments being classified as a less general relationship in the Atom hierarchy tests. Overall using the Concept hierarchy for the matching of atomic formulae in the third step resulted in many more Less General and More General relationships being discovered than using the Atom hierarchy; this is because the Concept hierarchy is more expressive than the Atom hierarchy of the UMLS.Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large.The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly.We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list.Given the wealth of medical information that is currently available  , we incorporate medical information from the Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine -Clinical Terms SNOMED CT and the Unified Medical Language System UMLS. Because of this  , the content-based retrieval system that we built for this evaluation operates at the hospital visit level instead of the EMR level.A study conducted last year based on data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loadedTable 1shows the clinical categories and the associated UMLS semantic types. Then the query expansion step is to select expansion terms from clinical semantic knowledge  , and word topics associated with the document topics of an initial retrieval set.Fig 2 showsan example of mapping the original topic number 137 to UMLS concepts. For the experiments described here  , we employed the best concept strategy.Elements in TS topics that could not be mapped to UMLS such as DNA-based asymmetric catalysis   , Asymmetric catalysis  , hydrophobic amino acid  , and endogenous phospholipid were used as-is and stored for further processing. Although the UMLS is a comprehensive terminological resource containing over 2 million concepts  , it has been shown to lack several biomedical concepts Gurulingappa et al.  , 2009a.BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness .there is an existing match in the background resource for the entire label. A change to this step is that before the tokenization step we check to see if a concept exists " as is " within the UMLS i.e.Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration.MetaMap only identifies UMLS concepts  , which are then mapped to SNOMED CT concepts. Results are heavily dependent on the quality of concept extraction provided by the MetaMap system.Some resources we considered using are the Gene Ontology  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS Metathesaurus   , and the Stanford Biomedical Abbreviation Server. A better option would be to refine the parsing technique and consult additional resources in search of valid synonyms and related terms likely to co-occur with the terms in the topic description.University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW.Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org.Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org.Finally  , we also extended the queries. Then  , we expended the documents with the concepts extracted from UMLS ® and applied a DFR matching model.One could argue that the the conversation mass metric is a better proxy for measuring influence. Tables 2This is interesting because the principal metric used to rank blogs has been inlink count for example see the Technorati Top 100 5 or BlogPulse's Daily Top Blogs 6 .The BioPortal 21  maps certain data and annotation properties to SKOS vocabulary   , so users can easily retrieve textual definitions and labels from different ontologies. They also provide semantic filters for UMLS ontologies however corresponding object properties are not aligned.Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part.In addition to traditional bag-of-words approaches  , IR in medical area benefits from the rich resources available  , such as the UMLS Metathesaurus 1  , as well as the concept mapping tools e.g. Information relevant to a physician can be related to a variety of clinical tasks such as determining a patient's most likely diagnosis given a list of symptoms  , deciding on the most effective treatment plan for a patient having a known condition  , and determining if a particular test is indicated for a given situation.The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus. To solve this problem  , we propose to leverage the domain knowledge to represent topics and visits as bags of concepts rather than bags of terms.worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g.  , news  , blogs  , videos etc.In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies.However  , the proposed method could be applicable to any application domain. For this reason  , we only tested our method on two genomic collections because UMLS can be used as the domain ontology for this area.As future work  , we intend to evaluate the impact of the service in the expansion of BDBComp as well as on its sustainability. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature.It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well.As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus.We exploit this information by expanding each key-phrase so that it includes all concepts in the MetMetathesaurus which share the same CUI. In the UMLS Metathesaurus  , each unique medical concept is associated with a " concept unique identifier " or CUI such that all entries in the Metathesaurus which refer to the same concept share the same CUI. offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents.Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside.It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web.The MRREL table lists relations between concepts like " parent "   , " can be qualified by " or " related and possibly synonymous " among others. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables.We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15.Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells.This will select 'aislada' the difference in the level of representation in the UMLS and 'aislados' for the query word 'aislado' but reject across the two languages does not cause the difference in 'aisladores'. Thus we may conclude that ence of 1 in word length.About 300 training documents were available per topic. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content.Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . However  , current approaches e.g.Mapping between terminologies may result in a loss in meaning from the original query or document. MetaMap only identifies UMLS concepts  , which are then mapped to SNOMED-CT concepts .If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g.  , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered.The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web.In addition to the semantic type that is provided by our term disambiguation module using information from the UMLS  , the re-ranking module uses several additional features  , also extracted during the processing of the articles and patient record when our common representation is constructed: The re-ranking module views the articles and the patient record as sets of attribute-value pairs  , where the attributes are the medical terms after they have been disambiguated and mapped to concept identifiers CUIs  , as described in section 4.Section 5 presents our experiments and runs. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS.A score of 1 is given if the problems match based on their UMLS concept id as provided by MetaMap  , which essentially performs terminological normalization automatically. The first component in the above equation  , Sproblem  , reflects a match between the problem in the query frame and the primary problem identified in the abstract.Thus  , instead using the term-based representation  , we use code-based representation for both topics and visits. The following is an example output of MetaMap system using the input string " hearing loss " : 1000 C0011053:hearing loss Deafness Disease or Syndrome 1000 C0018772:hearing loss Hearing Loss  , Partial Finding 1000 C1384666:Hearing Loss hearing impairment Finding 861 C0018767:Hearing Physiologic Function 861 C1455844:hearing Hearing examination finding Finding 861 C1517945:Loss Quantitative Concept Meta Mapping 1000: 1000 C0011053:hearing loss Deafness Disease or Syndrome It is clear that a text string can be mapped to more than one concept in the UMLS and those concepts are represented as codes.Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites.Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text.By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon.The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database.The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base.When evaluating the accuracy  , it is important to note several things. Both of these are similar to the accuracy reported for fulltext classification of the WebKB data by Fürnkranz 9of the words occurring in the same paragraph of the inbound links produced slightly worse accuracy than the full-text  , likely due to the very small number of inlinks  , and the small number of words occurring in the same paragraph.WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment.The annotated patents allow the retrieval of documents that would be missed by traditional keyword search. For example  , unlike USPTO  , BioPatentMiner retrieved the patent 6461611 since it contained mRNA which is a Nucleic Acid UMLS concept C0035696.For these reasons  , it was not possible to search these expansion terms against the UMLS terms index field  , but only against the report text field. Additionally  , the reference content was stemmed  , which made it even more difficult to reconcile with an unstemmed UMLS.The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS.For other entity classes  , we rely on the use of MetaMap 11  , which is based on comprehensive UMLS Metathesaurus and is one of the few recognizers that can identify a huge variety of entity classes in one package. We collected the catalog numbers from the major manufacturers and represented them in regular expressions.The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13.The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task.The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model.When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts.We also look forward to exploring the other languages of the UMLS: Portuguese and German. Future work will build on these results by exploring alternate refinement strategies and appropriate second language stemmers.Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects.For the conceptual matching model  , we use BioLabler  , a medical annotation tool that allows indexing queries and documents with Unified Medical Language System UMLS concepts of our choosing  , and rank the documents using their conceptual representation. For query expansion  , we use medical disease vocabulary that provides various possible synonym reformulations of a disease keyword given in the query.4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. Choi et al.In what concerns the generality of our approach  , we rely on large aligned thesauri. For the latter task  , we used an aligned corpus  , the UMLS Metathesaurus  , and identified those non-cognates via bootstrapping.has yet a different audience  , as it is published for younger readers teenagers. For these reasons  , it was not possible to search these expansion terms against the UMLS terms index field  , but only against the report text field.A better query expansion method might be to add the highly weighted terms found in the top ranked retrieved abstracts to a query and search again. Maybe the synonyms in UMLS are not very relevant to this particular task.For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14.No weights are used for the relations that are extracted from the MRREL table. In order to obtain the graph structure of UMLS  , we simply treat the concepts in UMLS as vertices  , and the relations listed in the MRREL and MRCOC tables as edges.Fürnkranz also reported a significant improvement in classification accuracy when using the link-based method as opposed to the full-text alone 7  on 1 ,050 pages of the WebKB corpus 2   , although adding the entire text of " neighbor documents " seemed to harm the ability to classify pages 3. The experimental results on an encyclopedia corpus that contains hyperlinks validate their algorithms .Metamap maps the topics to UMLS concepts and semantic types. We employ NLM's Metamap version 2013 with default processing options 1 to annotate all the topics.Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query.Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. We let the officers study these smells before our interview.The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 .The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time.Determining this type of association from traditional retrieval techniques is very difficult. For example  , UMLS concept C0017423 is of type Biomedical or Dental Material which is a subclass of Chemical.Searches are conducted against the free-text  , i.e.  , title and abstracts of the OHSUMED documents. The goal is to evaluate the retrieval effectiveness of the UMLS Metathesaurus based query translation strategies .by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g.In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness . In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data.This technique represents perhaps our most unique approach to this problem. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network.However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path.Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets.MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. Concept and relation identification was performed on all free-text sections of visits.The UMLS Metathesaurus is a comprehensive resource  , containing all sorts of terms. The synonym is string-identical to the term it is a synonym of.Similar expansion strategies have been tested for disease categories  , based on the UMLS and internal resources Lovis and al. 2005  , Ruch 2005   , 2 using exact match.For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to.On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries.In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms.We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task.Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD.The UMLS dataset is a biomedical semantic network constructed from the Unified Medical Language System  , which was developed by McCray 20. 6.Similarly  , if the UMLS mapping of the patient summary identied the patient as a child  , the term pediatric was added to the query. If the words months or years appeared  , the query included the word chronic.The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus.Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang.For the concept-based matching runs  , CMC-UMLS has superior performance over CM-UMLS due to the concept-based matching being more efficient than the term-based matching that is applied over the concept terms. A better exploitation of both features is to re-rank a baseline run based on classic term-based matching in order to get a rich result set.For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org.Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level.2 From the Metamap results  , terms associated with " Finding "   , " Disease or Syndrome "   , " Sign Symptom " would be the ideal candidates for expansion 3 Then UMLS concepts generated from Metamap would be mapped to SNOMED- CT concepts using mapping file/database created using file provided by UMLS Metathesaurus 4 In the next step  , SNOMED-CT concepts that are deemed appropriate  , synonyms  , based on relationships in the SNOMED-CT ontology  , are retained in the query. 5 Information retrieval system  , Terrier from University of Glasgow School of Computing Science 6  , would be used to do indexing and information retrieval using InL2C1 and BM25 weighing modelHowever  , looking at the performances given in the last two columns  , we can see that all the knowledge sources  , when used on their own right and combined with the original query terms  , deteriorate the performance. This is followed by the hyponyms extracted from the UMLS.We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. we did not filter based on the concept scores.We employed MetaMap to identify biomedical terms and concepts from the given case report. We decided to use MetaMap  , a tool used for mapping biomedical text to the UMLS Meta thesaurus.Our results on using semantic relatives did not show positive improvements. Or results indicate that expansion using UMLS concepts to build structured queries works well.query 178 " Patients with metastatic breast cancer " . Certain UMLS concepts have no equivalent in SNOMED CT  , such cases were found in the worst performing queries  , e.g.We have chosen the UMLS metathesaurus 5  as our background resource because of its wide coverage of clinical terms and its disambiguation of these terms. We have formalised the original steps for semantic matching and created a framework built entirely on the logic behind the original algorithm.It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 .The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service.For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes.This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. .This approach  , however  , creates some very big clusters: The largest connected component of the disease graph contains around 70 ,000 entities if we consider all mappings and even around 33 ,000 if we consider only mappings from UMLS CUI or LOOM. A natural way to cluster this graph would be to simply take the maximally connected components.Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size.image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g.6 A more traditional approach to query expansion using relevance feedback might also be beneficial. Some resources we considered using are the Gene Ontology  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS Metathesaurus   , and the Stanford Biomedical Abbreviation Server.Then  , we expended the documents with the concepts extracted from UMLS ® and applied a DFR matching model. First of all  , we built the free-text index of the medical records and applied a DFR matching model with query expansion.For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. Our work is consistent with these results  , showing significant improvement in classification accuracy when using the extended anchortext instead of the document fulltext .It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text.Table 1 shows top five types of frequently occurring relationships. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS.This was a very interesting approach in that they map both the query and the document using UMLS. 3 from Australian e-Health Research Centre also talk about query expansion by using Semantics.Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60.A concept in the UMLS is identified by a CUI Concept Unique Identifier which is a unique value identifying a Concept. The UMLS contains relationships between these concepts organised into its own model and consequently it is a conceptual resource about the biomedical domain.As stated previously there is more than one source of hierarchical information in the UMLS; these are the MRREL and MRHIER tables. Once the above steps are completed  , the concepts  , related to atomic formulae  , in the two trees  , are matched against each other using the UMLS hierarchy.are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. are ignored i.e.To do this the pipe needs to execute a Sindice 19 query which will return a set of documents likely containing the description of messages left by the user on possibly multiple Web sites. Case 3: SIOC Aggregation RSS feed Given a SHA1 a user's email  , the output is a list of messages that the user left on the internet in sites that expose SIOC 8 data.CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2.UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed.UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al.  , 2012.Not all of these terms are useful for text processing in general or for a given application in particular. The UMLS Metathesaurus is a comprehensive resource  , containing all sorts of terms.Also  , the expanded queries retrieve only very few fresh documents  , i.e.  , relevant documents that were not retrieved by the original  , unexpanded queries. On average  , each synonym matches only 2.6 relevant documents  , whereas the original search terms match 11.9 documents for UMLS terms and 15.8 documents for chunks.Certain UMLS concepts have no equivalent in SNOMED CT  , such cases were found in the worst performing queries  , e.g. Mapping between terminologies may result in a loss in meaning from the original query or document.The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows:There are a total of 22 ,891 unique Spanish word entries in the mrxw.spa index and hence in the database and 18 ,179 records in the French index database. We first create a SMART database see Table 1 for each language using its UMLS index file.BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g.For our experiments we queried the USPTO site with the keyword glycolysis. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web.These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score.The Metathesaurus contains synonymous and non-synonymous relationships between concepts from the same source vocabulary as well as concepts in different vocabularies. Second we extract all the concepts that have semantic relationship with the query concepts in UMLS ontologies.The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models.Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned.Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences.The next section explains the idea behind semantic matching. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching.Fig- ure 1 shows an illustration of text-to-concept mapping performed by the MetaMap program. MetaMap is a publicly available tool that maps any arbitrary text to biomedical concepts in the UMLS 6 metathesaurus Aronson  , 2001.For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9.Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search.There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments.The initial downweighting of ontologically propagated concepts was set at 0.9 for positive concepts and 0.7 for negative concepts. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors.The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. 07 and the participant's papers for details.Once candidate passages are generated based on seed sentences  , recognition of entities is performed for the candidate passages to identify keywords with entity classes of interest. We list the UMLS semantic types used in recognizing various entity classes of interest inOverall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366.We also consider a simple variation on this idea by considering the percentage of pronouns in a blog  , assuming that personal blogs are likely to contain more personal pronouns than  , e.g.  , news or political blogs. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API.The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. Large Linked Datasets.We have built a prototype matcher that has been evaluated on test ontologies with some initial results. We have chosen the UMLS metathesaurus 5  as our background resource because of its wide coverage of clinical terms and its disambiguation of these terms.For this reason  , we only tested our method on two genomic collections because UMLS can be used as the domain ontology for this area. Our current implementation of topic signature extraction relies on a domain ontology.We first attempted to map query terms to UMLS concepts using MetaMap  , restricting mapping to those scoring -1000 and coming from one of the data sources SNM  , NOMEDCT  , MSH  , or ICD. We identified synonyms using a combination of tools from the UMLS.For example  , unlike USPTO  , BioPatentMiner retrieved the patent 6461611 since it contained mRNA which is a Nucleic Acid UMLS concept C0035696. This is because BioAnnotator identified several biological concepts that belong to the class Nucleic Acid.However  , re-considering this outcome  , the advantages of the subword approach become even more evident. Data sparseness is even more painful for the QTR condition because we were unable to find a Web tool for the translation of Swedish to English and relied on the English- Swedish UMLS entries only.The advantage of using concepts rather than just terms is that different terms with the same meaning are mapped to the same concept — for example the input text 'Myocardial Infarction' and 'heart attack' will both map to the UMLS concept C0027051. In our experiments we found including the candidate concepts from Fig 1➊ actuallyhad a positive effect on retrieval.This method directly expands original queries with term variants for the same medical concept  , thus potentially increases the recall of relevant documents. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies.In this experiment we asked users to rank definitions to determine if they are readable  , useful or complete. In terms of completeness both UMLS and OMD performed slightly better p=0.04.Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing.where 0.40  , 0.35 and 0.45 are the weights of the corresponding concept types. Since it was shown in previous work 14 that UMLS concepts may or may not improve the performance of the medical information retrieval  , only the concepts that belong to the following semantic types 1 are included in the expanded query:Using an external authoritative source for pseudo relevance feedback resulted in additional improvement  , even combined with other query expansions 6% MAP improvement. The performance of UMLS terms alone was approximately 2% worse than searching the plain text query MAP of 0.269 vs. 0.275  , but when used in conjunction with the plain text query  , the two performed about 18% better than the plain text alone MAP of 0.325 vs. 0.275.Third  , using external resources such as UMLS and MedLine does not improve the retrieval performance  , and in some cases the performance even degrades. Second  , using the word-based indexing method is more effective to improve passage retrieval performance than using the sentence-based indexing method.A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts.It currently contains well over 2 million distinct English terms. The UMLS Metathesaurus provides a semantic classification of terms from a wide range of vocabularies in the clinical and biomedical domain.The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms.At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC.The terms used in the electronic medical records contained spelling variations and a wide variety of slang or less precise synonymy than UMLS encodes. Despite the high precision achieved by incorporating knowledge from UMLS Metathesaurus  , the recall was not sufficient for our needs.a free-text inverted index and several UMLS CUI indexes. We built two kinds of indexes using the Indri search engine 3   , viz.While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on.This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase.Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only.A query with summary words and the type informa- tion. We created three versions of queries for UMLS-CUI indexes as follows: 1.To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints.This will be discussed further in the next section. Our evaluation focuses on using differing features of the UMLS for the filtering in the second step and the matching of atomic formulae in the third step.exact string match  , normalised string match. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g.We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/.The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006.Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features.The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6%A naïve approach was used in extracting keywords by finding the noun phrases from the questions and check against resources such as Entrez Gene and UMLS Metathesaurus to recognize their types. Before queries are generated  , keywords have to be extracted from the natural language questions.Our second contribution consists of conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS  , and a conceptual matching model based on concept confidence weights in the document. Given the disease-based query concept vector Q d = C 1   , C 2   , .  , C m  and the disease-based document concept vector D d = C 1   , C 2   , .  , C n   , the conceptual score of the document is computed by matching the documents that contain concepts whose terms overlap with the query concept terms and ranking them according to the overlapping concept weights in the document as follows:Then  , we had our query concepts expanded with SNOMED-CT descriptions. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus.Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values.WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory.After inserting the synonyms our P@10 tests on the 2014 data raised slightly. UMLS offers an easy to use API that allowed our team to effectively retrieve the synonyms of symptoms.The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP.We have found by the number of results shown that the filtering has a minimal effect on the number of results discovered  , however  , in some situations this is not the case. For this we have detailed the steps involved and how the UMLS can be used.Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used.Note that the Jena inference engine is utilized while determining all concepts of type Chemical. Figure 4shows the Path Associations between inventor Jeffrey A. Hubbell and the UMLS class Chemical. industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances.  webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances.They used a module to tokenize the query to normalize and expand only diseases  , chemical substances and body parts using UMLS resources but not gens and proteins. Firstly  , we review the work made in Geneva Universities  , Institute of Bioinformatics and Artificial Intelligence Lab.These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately.Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. This technique represents perhaps our most unique approach to this problem.Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. To retrieve documents Due to inconsistent HTML tagging and inaccessible document structure  , some highly ranked paragraphs In Figure 1  , a clinical term apoptosis identified as Cell Function is ANDed with the gene p53.We extended the documents and the queries by the medical concepts extracted from UMLS ontology. We found several examples that highlight that preprocessing will be needed in the future to improve the conceptualization.Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice.However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications.Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators.In such a graph  , medical concepts are directly connected through parent-child and/or broader-narrower relationships   , and are indirectly connected to non-immediate hypernym/hyponyms through intermediate concepts. In the second approach of query expansion  , we use personalized PageRank to further exploit semantic relationships in a custom-built UMLS concept graph that represents the hierarchical relationships among multiple concepts nodes.The previous section already illustrated the use of semantic types from the UMLS Semantic Network to discard irrelevant terms. Besides supplying CUIs for identifying synonyms of terms  , the UMLS Metathesaurus provides other information that can be used when preparing sets of query terms.When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion.UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. Queries are automatically expanded before search.Another factor that contributed to the effectiveness of their system was creating their own knowledge source  , Cengage collection of medical reference encyclopedia  , which was eventually used to resemble traditional pseudo relevance feedback. 14  developed an extensive pipeline to preprocess text and apply NLP techniques such as lemmatization and part of speech tagging  , while using UMLS 1 to label and relate terms for expansion.Other metadata from the XML was discarded. Admission and discharge ICD codes were also converted to their UMLS equivalent and added to each visit.However  , before making this service available it was necessary to collect some data to construct its " seed " collection. To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service.Similarity measures determine how similar two concepts are by calculating how close they are in the UMLS semantic network hierarchy. Semantic relatedness and semantic similarity in medical domain are useful measures for effective natural language processing  , artificial intelligence and IR.In 8  , the authors investigated six kinds of regularities in a hypertext corpus with three classifiers. Fürnkranz also reported a significant improvement in classification accuracy when using the link-based method as opposed to the full-text alone 7  on 1 ,050 pages of the WebKB corpus 2   , although adding the entire text of " neighbor documents " seemed to harm the ability to classify pages 3.After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection.This is beneficial because the expressivity of semantic matching is able to increase the number of alignments discovered between elements  , hence increasing the number of potential matches between concepts. The significance of this work is that it is possible to conduct semantic matching in the medical domain  , we have shown this with the use of one background resource which is the UMLS.the previous step we obtained a large set of entities of semantic type disease and also one for symptoms. As shown in Table 1 LOOM covering all BioPortal ontologies is better in the direct comparison to UMLS using the adapted approach  , however it is even better to exploit both mappings for increased coherence of the resulting graph.To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org.The UMLS contains relationships between these concepts organised into its own model and consequently it is a conceptual resource about the biomedical domain. These can be complex ontologies or simple lists  , being known as source vocabularies in the schema.The results show that using the UMLS relation could help to improve performance. To compare with  , we also applied the same query expansion techniques to the term based representation.Certain UMLS concepts have no equivalent in SNOMED-CT  , such cases were found in the worst performing queries. Mapping between terminologies may result in a loss in meaning from the original query or document.Likewise  , to retrieve treatment-related articles  , additional terms were treat  , treatment  , manage  , management  , therapy  , guidelines  , intervention  , and semantic types Therapeutic or Preventative Procedure and Pharmacologic Substance. For a test-oriented query  , added terms included test  , evaluate  , diagnose  , guideline   , examination  , measurement  , imaging  , and UMLS semantic types Diagnostic Procedure and Laboratory Procedure.UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. MatchedConcepts -The frequency of the matched key concepts  MatchedRelatives-The weighted relative frequency of the matched key concepts where the weight was based on their semantic relation types RN  , SY  , CHD  , RL: 0.9  , RB and PAR: 0.5  , RO and SIB:0.2  MatchedNormalizedTerms – The frequency of matched normalized Terms  MatchedUniGrams – The frequency of matched unigrams  MatchedBigrams –The frequency of matched bigrams For example  , the passage 15784698_26_28296_2326 was transformed into 24  , 24  , C1321919+C1336636:24  , C1321919+C1336636:10.8  , tlr_4:12  , protein:5 tlr4:12  ,   MatchedAnswer – The frequency of the matched UMLS semantic categories.With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query.Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity.The structural framework of UMLS ontologies aids us in categorizing concepts and locating related and similar concepts automatically. It also determines appropriate relationships among concepts.In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. f Xanga web-link categoriesMore precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. The main purpose of the genomic secondary task was to address the bioinformatic community's information extraction needs.Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu.We list the UMLS semantic types used in recognizing various entity classes of interest in For other entity classes  , we rely on the use of MetaMap 11  , which is based on comprehensive UMLS Metathesaurus and is one of the few recognizers that can identify a huge variety of entity classes in one package.The conceptual indexing of queries and documents is based on using UMLS concepts. Acronyms and anonyms are likewise mapped to medical concepts in the ontology so that their representation in the dataset is unified.These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED.Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9.One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset.First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge.Our precision and recall values are identical for each version of the algorithm both at 1  , we think this is a fault with our reference alignment where there were many " NF " relationships discovered during the manual matching task by our clinical expert. When using the UMLS Concept hierarchy for the matching of atomic formulae there seems to be no significant difference in the number of results regardless of filtering scheme employed.During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate.This result can be explained by the property of the ROC-AUC loss function of negative triples. Third  , AMDC pos only had worse performance in the Kinships and UMLS datasets  , but comparable performance with the other methods in the Nations dataset.The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups.Each language has an index file mrwx.spa for Spanish and mrwx.fre for French provided as part of the UMLS which contain the unique Spanish/French words found in the Metathesaurus and link them to their associated Concept numbers . form the foundation of our approach.The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org.The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Next  , the Hierarchical search is initiated.However  , none of the methods improved the performance of the retrieval system  , and in some cases the performance even degraded. Descriptive statistics for all the 66 official runs are given in  We conducted many experiments to investigate the influence of topic expansion on the performance of retrieval system using various resources such as UMLS  , and MedLine.The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier.The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. However  , re-considering this outcome  , the advantages of the subword approach become even more evident.2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink.Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one.Further analysis of the results shows that even though each UMLS search term generates about 5.4 synonyms  , these synonyms are less " powerful " than the original search terms. The various evaluation measures indicate that the rankings produced by the two runs are virtually the same: the use of synonyms promotes neither relevant documents nor irrelevant ones in the ranking.In order to more adequately deal with such problems we incorporated the Metathesaurus of the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 19 . The correct translation of Portuguese 'crianc' to Spanish   , however  , would have been 'nin' the stem of 'niño'  , whilst the Spanish 'crianz' refers to 'criac' 'breed' stem of 'criaçcriaç˜criação' in Portuguese.From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets.This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology.The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences.For the latter task  , we used an aligned corpus  , the UMLS Metathesaurus  , and identified those non-cognates via bootstrapping. With these seeds  , we further enlarge the Spanish and Swedish cognate dictionaries by subwords which are not cognates.As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories.The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals.As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search.These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages.Although many of the developed tools SHOE Knowledge Annotator  , MnM annotation tool  , and WebKB focus on HTML pages  , the CREAting Metadata for the Semantic Web CREAM annotation framework promises to support manual and semi-automated annotation of both the shallow and deep web through the development of OntoAnnotate 21. The annotation and Semantic Web communities have made great strides in developing semi-automated annotation tools to enhance searching for a variety of media.Concepts identied by MetaMap as being negated were not included in the query. The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes.Our approach is simple in the sense that we only consider synonyms of query terms and do not exploit hierarchical relations between terms such as hyponomy and hyperonymy. We use the UMLS Metathesaurus  , a comprehensive collection of controlled vocabularies in the biomedical domain  , to identify query terms in topics and to determine their synonyms.Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7.We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. So it's import for us to expand the query with expressions that refer to the same meaning.This suggests that the overlap between UMLS concepts in the case reports and the concepts in the query is a good indicator of the relevance of literature to a case report for diagnostic purposes. For diagnoses figure 3  , MetaMap shows comparable or better performances to Biographica.For instance  , Aronson 2 deployed MetaMap 3 to identify medical concepts in medical records and queries and represented them in the form of the UMLS Concept Unique Identifiers CUIs. Under these approaches  , 'heart disease'   , 'coronary artery disease'  , 'coronary heart disease'  , and 'CHD'  , which share the similar meaning  , are represented with the same concept.As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 .One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6.For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub ,Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph.f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs.Our experimental results also show that: 1 there is some sensitivity of the method to the choice of the user-defined parameter  , φmax  , although there are some ranges of values in which the results are very stable and 2 the combination of the first step of our method with other supervised ones does not produce good results as we obtained with SAND. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric.First  , we automatically extract concepts from reports in the Pittsburgh repository using standard clinical NLP tools. We normalized these terms to concept unique identifiers CUIs from the the Unified Medical Language System UMLS is outside the dotted line.As there were no restrictions on question type and form  , we did not expect to see all question types in the training set  , and therefore we did not attempt a deeper question understanding. The relations were extracted using SemRep Rindflesch et al  , 2003  , a natural language processing system that relies on semantics and domain knowledge encoded in the Unified Medical Language System ® UMLS ®  Lindberg et al  , 1993 to determine relations between entities found in the text by MetaMap Aronson  , 2001.If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question.The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9.A further analysis would reveal that  , by taking the results of UDInfoCDS1  , UDIn- foCDS2  , UDInfoCDS4 and Concept-BL into consideration  , the improvement of UDInfoCDS2 is mainly from the concepts identified using UMLS relationship. It is clear that UDInfoCDS2 outperforms than the other methods on most of the measures  , which indicates that utilizing the information from two collection together to expand the query could improve the performance.Despite the high precision achieved by incorporating knowledge from UMLS Metathesaurus  , the recall was not sufficient for our needs. We utilize this knowledge by expanding a given keyword so that it also matches all lexical forms which map to the same concept ID within the UMLS Metathesaurus database.The advantage of using concepts rather than just terms is that different terms with the same meaning are mapped to the same concept — for example the input text 'Myocardial Infarction' and 'Heart Attack' will both map to the same UMLS concept. For this purpose we used MetaMap  , which has been widely adopted in medical NLP 6  , 7 and medical IR 3  , 1  , 5.As a result we obtain concepts that have the source ontology term as their synonym. We used version 2008AA of UMLS.We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus.7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. Fig.The goal is to evaluate the retrieval effectiveness of the UMLS Metathesaurus based query translation strategies . Indexing is done using stemming and afterGenerating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes.However  , the evaluation results showed that sometimes the simplest solutions are the best. Accordingly  , as regards the query construction  , our main idea was to detect the medical concepts in the medical reports/cases and to expand them with terms of semantic controlled vocabularies such as UMLS.Additionally  , our domain expert generated a list of common symptoms that we would not want to expand on after analyzing the 2014 data. SCDA used UMLS to augment our symptoms field with their synonyms in both the query frame and our document frames.Table  6shows the other disagreements on this topic's top documents retrieved by our interactive run. Using the UMLS synonymy  , our search treated 'increased platelet count' and 'thrombocythemia' as synonyms of 'thrombocytosis'  , whereas as shown in Table 6  , this is not the case for the relevance judgments.We normalized these terms to concept unique identifiers CUIs from the the Unified Medical Language System UMLS is outside the dotted line. The answers to these questions were at first manually written as term lists by the experts.Even though the BioPortal or linkedlifedata provide mappings of lexical information  , mappings for general object properties are missing. In summary existing repositories provide only a partial solution  , since there are many more ontologies available than those of the UMLS.Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Section 3 details our semantic query expansion technique using disease synonym dictionary.The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770.WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest.From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants.Therefore we can use the semantic connection among concepts to identify similar CUIs for query expansion . Concepts are connected with each other by the semantic relations contribute in the UMLS system.Concepts are identified in text by comparing sequences of words to the words in the thesaurus terms. The thesaurus consists of the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 2  , and a gene-thesaurus 14.This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts.We believe that it would be possible for a search engine company to perform this analysis  , either automatically e.g.  , using statistical natural language processing and/or by relying on white-lists provided by vigilante groups  , such as Technorati. Therefore  , in order to assure a proper representation of the domain in the core  , one would need to analyze a fair fraction of the individual blogs and assemble a list of good ones.Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g.  , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed.These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results.Then  , they map concepts from both the query and document to SNOMED-CT ontology. This was a very interesting approach in that they map both the query and the document using UMLS.In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9.is transformed to T129  , ANTIBODIES  , detect  , tlr_4:C1321919+C1336636  , tlr_4  , tlr_4 For each key concept  , we obtained its conceptual relatives using the relationship table of the UMLS Metathesaurus. For example  , the training topic " What have been used to detect protein TLR4 ? "In information access environments  , summaries singledocument or multi-document have proved its utility  , improving the effectiveness of several tasks  , as ad hoc and interactive retrieval. As in automatic categorization  , we think that the integration of knowledge from resources as UMLS  , which has some bilingual components  , can play a key role in both problems.The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. For this approach  , we use a graph algorithm based on random walks over the graph representation of a knowledge-base of concepts and relations  , to obtain concepts related to the queries.The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. In addition to the self-archiving service  , we envisage two other ways to collect metadata for the repository: 1 by extracting them from existing Web sites  , for instance  , by using tools such as the Web- DL environment 1Queries are constructed from the documents based on the top 10 TF-IDF ranked terms and cosine similarity is used as the scoring function ϕ·. The WebKB dataset contains categorized University webpages and we use data from Cornell University for testing.Frequently  , term normalization was done using MetaMap 2 to locate medical terms in text and map those terms to concepts in the UMLS metathesaurus. is referred to by a wide variety of acronyms  , abbreviations  , and informal designations.In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. A prerequisite step for modeling a representative query context is modeling query domain ontology.Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset.Thus  , we use QC to represent a concept query that is converted from the original text query Q and contains only CUIs. The concepts are represented by the Concept Unique Identifier CUI in UMLS Metathesaurus.Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved.We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10.The end result is a representation of documents or topics containing a sequence of UMLS concept ids or their negation. Other metadata from the XML was discarded.We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks.We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM.Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set.The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vo- cabularies 3 . We exploit this information by expanding each key-phrase so that it includes all concepts in the MetMetathesaurus which share the same CUI.It could also extract a number of other attributes from each of these terms  , such as the section in which they appeared  , the term's certainty  , and what adjectives or adverbs were used to describe the term Friedman. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels.Run summaries detailing the approaches used in each run can be found in Table 2. To prepare for Task B  , UMLS concepts expanded by manual expansion were used in training.The UMLS metathesaurus 3 is the largest thesaurus in the biomedical domain  , and tries to represent biomedical knowledge using semantic concepts and the relationships between them. Besides working on plain text tokens  , we also utilized MetaMap2 to convert the raw text into sequences of UMLS medical concepts.Words which denote preposition  , conjunctions etc. Once this has been completed tokens are converted to atomic formulae and a look up in the UMLS is performed to attach Concepts to these.The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9.Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS.MEDLINE abstract GeneRIF GO annotation GO:0005515 term: protein binding definition: Interacting selectively with any protein  , or protein complex a complex of two or more proteins that may include other nonprotein molecules. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures.Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 .50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g.  , BlogPulse and Technorati. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment.MRREL describes the relationships between concepts  , whereas and the MRHIER describes the relationships between atoms. As stated previously there is more than one source of hierarchical information in the UMLS; these are the MRREL and MRHIER tables.The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . 14.However  , LOTUS differs from these previous approaches in three ways: 1 its scale its index is about 100 times bigger than Sindice's was  , 2 the adaptability of its algorithms and data collection  , and 3 its integration with a novel Linked Data publishing and consumption ecosystem that does not depend on IRI dereferenceability. Centralized text search on the LOD Cloud is not new as Sindice 3 and LOD Cache 4 show.This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database.This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available.Unfortunately most of the inlinks were in list items  , causing neighborhood words to be only slightly more than the anchortext itself. The WebKB dataset provided a set of data called " neighborhood words " which was the text occurring in the same " paragraph " as the inlink to a given document.To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern.The must likely cause is difference in linguistic features. We show that these differences in performance are not caused by differences in level of representation in the UMLS.First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores.No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors.Once this has been completed tokens are converted to atomic formulae and a look up in the UMLS is performed to attach Concepts to these. For example we consider the node with the label " HeartAndKidneyDiseases " from Tree 1; its tokens would be {heart  , and  , kidney  , disease}.Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities.In the given example  , "hepatitis B virus" is not a synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , nor a lexical variant of any of the query concepts  , but it is semantically related to the query concepts according to the UMLS Semantic Network. It is very likely that the biologists would be interested in these documents because "hepatitis B virus" is known as a virus that could cause serious damage to the function of liver.Whenever the same equivalence class identifier MID occurred on both sides after this simultaneous bilingual processing  , the appropriate Spanish Swedish  , alternatively subword entry that led to this particular MID is taken to be a valid entry. 6 In order to determine the false friends in the set of the already generated cognate candidate pairs  , CCSP A and CCSW E   , the parallel corpora of the aligned UMLS expressions were then morpho-semantically processed as described in Section 2.The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g.  , making ample use of the Sindice public cache.Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 .Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs.The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. We constructed co-citation graphs on these two collections  , in which two pages are connected by an undirected edge if both pages are linked to by a third page.UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. MedTagger 2 is an effective natural language processing NLP tool used to identify Unified Medical Language System metathesaurus UMLS 9 concepts in free-text.A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves.However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table.The linkage to other languages is considerably poorer  , both in qualitative as well as quantitative terms. In our framework  , the Metathesaurus can thus be considered as a valuable parallel We use English as the pivot language for our experiments  , since it has the broadest lexical coverage in the UMLS.To achieve this  , we built two indexes – an inverted index on the free text and a second index on the UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap in the entire article. In our system  , we focused on two kinds of information: free text information and UMLS concept information recognized by MetaMap.We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index.This choice relies on the fact that this measure relies on concepts definitions information rather than semantic network hierarchy; therefore it is able to calculate semantic relatedness of pair of concepts in different UMLS ontologies. For the purpose of this study we use Gloss Vector semantic 8 relatedness measure.For related terms  , query terms were first mapped to UMLS concepts using MetaMap and the term-toconcept table in the same manner as for synonyms. We assigned weights of: 2 to child relationships; 0 to not related  , no mapping  , allowed qualifier  , and can be qualified by relationships; and 1 to all remaining relationship categories.Also in their work  , the problem of synonymy was tackled by indexing UMLS Concept IDs  , which would match all the descriptions that map to the same concept ID. Another factor that contributed to the effectiveness of their system was creating their own knowledge source  , Cengage collection of medical reference encyclopedia  , which was eventually used to resemble traditional pseudo relevance feedback.We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced.In the following  , we use " UMLS " to tag those retrieval runs using CUIs extracted from records and CUIs from queries as the basic term tokens. The end result is a representation of documents or topics containing a sequence of UMLS concept ids or their negation.This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30.MetaMap is a publicly available tool that maps any arbitrary text to biomedical concepts in the UMLS 6 metathesaurus Aronson  , 2001. For the identification of concepts in TS topics  , the MetaMap program was used.Third  , AMDC pos only had worse performance in the Kinships and UMLS datasets  , but comparable performance with the other methods in the Nations dataset. This shows that the AMDC method can successfully learn a model even from an imbalanced dataset.This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods.Relatedness measures determine how related two concepts are by using concepts definition information. Similarity measures determine how similar two concepts are by calculating how close they are in the UMLS semantic network hierarchy.Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. Unfortunately  , the expansions also quickly degener-ate into co-occurring words which are not directly related to the medical key-phrase.For instance  , " atrial fibrillation "   , " auricular fibrillation " and " A-Fib " all share CUI C0004238. The UMLS links terms that refer to the same concept by assigning them the same CUI.Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies.For the free-text index  , we used Indri's built-in XML parser directly to parse and index the article text. a free-text inverted index and several UMLS CUI indexes.In this step  , only words that occur in both the inflection table and the document were extracted and normalized. With the 554K-entry inflection table found in UMLS Knowledge Sources 5  , the keywords were normalized and extracted from each document.Instead  , we employ the UMLS semantic network that classifies all concepts into one or more semantic types. Using the concepts as features directly is not feasible.Synonymous terms seem to be less important: many synonyms are found  , but only a few new relevant abstracts are retrieved by these terms. The results are shown in This preliminary analysis reveals that both UMLS terms and chunk terms play an important role in retrieving relevant abstracts.UMLS is a consolidated repository of medical terms and their relationships  , spread across multiple languages and disciplines chemistry  , biology  , etc. Four properties link the resources:  <patentA refers to patentB> patentA refers to patentB  <inventorC invented patentD> inventorC has invented patentD  <assigneeE assigned patentF> patentF is assigned to assigneeE  <patentG has term bioTermH> patentG has the biological concept bioTermH  , as determined by BioAnnotator At present Unified Medical Language System UMLS 21 is used as the biomedical knowledge source.also found  , we have concluded that UMLS concept indexing is a useful technique when used in conjunction with other techniques  , but it is still not ready to be used on its own without further refinement Nadkarni. As Nadkarni et al.GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article.Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. This kind of information may be useful for the companies for discovering potential patent infringements.Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 .The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks.The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update.Every Concept has a set of Terms or Lexical Groupings identified by an LUI Lexical Unique Identifier and a set of Strings identified by a SUI String Unique Identifier. A concept in the UMLS is identified by a CUI Concept Unique Identifier which is a unique value identifying a Concept.Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous.The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database.These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages.A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11.C0027051 rather than the original terms e.g. Each document and query is now represented as a list of UMLS concept ids e.g. AnswerUMLSSem – the UMLS semantic categories for the expecting answers  AnswerSem – the original answer semantic category  EventRelationType – the event or relation types usually indicated using verbs.  MatchedConcepts -The frequency of the matched key concepts  MatchedRelatives-The weighted relative frequency of the matched key concepts where the weight was based on their semantic relation types RN  , SY  , CHD  , RL: 0.9  , RB and PAR: 0.5  , RO and SIB:0.2  MatchedNormalizedTerms – The frequency of matched normalized Terms  MatchedUniGrams – The frequency of matched unigrams  MatchedBigrams –The frequency of matched bigrams For example  , the passage 15784698_26_28296_2326 was transformed into 24  , 24  , C1321919+C1336636:24  , C1321919+C1336636:10.8  , tlr_4:12  , protein:5 tlr4:12  , These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014.Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions.To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags.Axioms are only created for the matching task at hand. The relationships between atomic formulae discovered from the UMLS are converted to their propositional equivalents.We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering.Semantic Types STs are assigned to medical concepts in the UMLS relational tables and they are extractable from the output generated by the Metamap. While pseudo relevance feedback exploits the assigned weights to the terms in the document and effectively select only the top n terms  , words extracted externally are not weighted  , making it hard to discard the potential noise.Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications.The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %.The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2.We used each of these three classes of keywords to search directly against the sets of true relevant abstracts in order to count how many abstracts are retrieved. To analyze our results further  , we grouped the query terms into three classes: 1 chunk terms obtained from the output of LT CHUNKER  , 2 UMLS terms recognized by MetaMap and  , 3 synonyms of the UMLS terms.1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al.For training of courses  , we used 144 positive and 1000 negative from the " other " category  , and for training of the faculty category we used 84 positive and the same 1000 negative. categories  , we tried applying SVM classification to the WebKB categories of courses and faculty.The unimpressive results of PR justify the assertion that it is too general for use in topic-driven tasks due to its minimal exploitation of the topic context 16  , 23. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents.We use backpropagation neural networks for both experts and gates. For the purpose of comparing results with other studies we will show the results obtained using only the subtree of Heart Diseases  , but the method is general and can be applied to the whole set or any subset of UMLS.RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts.We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages.SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. SemRep Semantic Knowledge Representation 3 is a tool for the identification of relations in any arbitrary text.This "vocabulary discovery" approach w as taken by Eichmann  , Ruiz and Srinivasan for medical information cross-language retrieval using the UMLS Metathesauruss5. This transfer dictionary contains English items and their corresponding German translations.Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data.We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs.Certain query terms were boosted if they belonged to a highly relevant semantic class. Similarly  , if the UMLS mapping of the patient summary identied the patient as a child  , the term pediatric was added to the query.It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes.Then  , for every query the system should return a ranking such that the most appropriate search engines are ranked highest without using the actual results for the given query which were  , in fact  , provided after the submission deadline of this task. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines.To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories.SCDA used UMLS to augment our symptoms field with their synonyms in both the query frame and our document frames. After inserting the synonyms our P@10 tests on the 2014 data raised slightly.We use SMART 23 to identify appropriate Spanish/fiench UMLS phrases for each query and to run the retrieval ex- periments. sThis method is similar to those used to determine word-byword translations from dictionaries 2  , 141.Since it was shown in previous work 14 that UMLS concepts may or may not improve the performance of the medical information retrieval  , only the concepts that belong to the following semantic types 1 are included in the expanded query: It is notable that it is not necessary to normalize the mentioned weights in Indri query language to be sum-to-one as this normalization is done automatically by Indri.Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information .Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org.tired all the time "  which are unlikely to appear in scientific discourse. However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. "Based on these research projects  , multilingual KOS can be developed using methodologies of translation and mapping  , with mapping methodology being the key to interoperability between different languages. Most KOS interoperability researches focus on the relationship between different languages in scientific domain  , such as UMLS Metathesaurus3 and AGROVOC4  , only a few KOS in Western languages are about arts and humanities  , such as HEREIN5.After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API.We then queried related concepts from the metathesaurus MRREL table. For related terms  , query terms were first mapped to UMLS concepts using MetaMap and the term-toconcept table in the same manner as for synonyms.An earlier experiment on evaluating the precision of unsupervised text mining for ontologies is reported in 20 using UMLS 13 as gold standard. These decisions require the involvement of human evaluators  , and/or an established gold standard .To facilitate knowledge discovery we want to integrate the information of the patents and biomedical ontologies. The property has term links the patents to the UMLS concepts they refer to.Thus  , by mapping them from terms to concept codes  , different terms with the same meaning are mapped to the same concept  , so the potential gap between the topic and the visit is also fixed. In the previous example  , both " Hearing Loss " and " Deafness " will be mapped to the UMLS concept C0011053.The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features.Figure 4shows the Path Associations between inventor Jeffrey A. Hubbell and the UMLS class Chemical. Semantic Associations may be useful for this purpose.For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected.Semantic groups provide a higher-order grouping of semantic types. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types.The relationships between atomic formulae discovered from the UMLS are converted to their propositional equivalents. Before this is done however  , axioms eq 1 or the implicit background theory from the end of the previous step  , have to be created.As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. Table 1The keyword-based queries that drive the crawl are also an indicative description of each category. Although the WebKB documents have link information we disregarded this fact in the training phase and choose to treat them only as textual data but for the testing phase we took into account both textual and linking information.The original topics were preprocessed using MetaMap Aronson  , 2001 to identify UMLS terms. The operator #filrej filters passages that contain the term " Medline " from those retrieved by the #combine expression.These would be concepts that are plain English at this point. 2 From the Metamap results  , terms associated with " Finding "   , " Disease or Syndrome "   , " Sign Symptom " would be the ideal candidates for expansion 3 Then UMLS concepts generated from Metamap would be mapped to SNOMED- CT concepts using mapping file/database created using file provided by UMLS Metathesaurus 4 In the next step  , SNOMED-CT concepts that are deemed appropriate  , synonyms  , based on relationships in the SNOMED-CT ontology  , are retained in the query.The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs.The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " .This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45.We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. </narrative> </topic>The indexes hence also serve as indexes for our transfer dictionaries. Each language has an index file mrwx.spa for Spanish and mrwx.fre for French provided as part of the UMLS which contain the unique Spanish/French words found in the Metathesaurus and link them to their associated Concept numbers .When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45.As alluded to earlier in the paper  , when indexing the report text and the UMLS terms  , words or terms that were tagged as negated or conditional were not added to the index. The rest of the fields were not analyzed in any way other than tokenization.Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. The second run is with synonyms.Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS.Descriptive statistics for all the 66 official runs are given in  We conducted many experiments to investigate the influence of topic expansion on the performance of retrieval system using various resources such as UMLS  , and MedLine. A summary of performance of all three runs is available in Table 1.This indicates potential false recognitions that these systems may perform during concept or relation identification . Searching with MetaMap and SemRep identified UMLS concepts and relations showed poor results.Finally  , substantial understanding of the clinical domain has already been codified in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 24 . In addition to being a cognitive model for problem analysis as physicians are trained to decompose complex situations in terms of these elements  , PICO frames lend themselves nicely to a computational implementation.Table 1 shows more detailed information about the collections and its ambiguous groups. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp.From the sources we employed for knowledge-based query expansion  , the AcroMed database of biomedical acronyms produced expansions of highest quality   , outperforming both the euGenes and LocusLink genetic databases. We have shown that most of the techniques utilized by our system improved recall and precision.Both of these are similar to the accuracy reported for fulltext classification of the WebKB data by Fürnkranz 9of the words occurring in the same paragraph of the inbound links produced slightly worse accuracy than the full-text  , likely due to the very small number of inlinks  , and the small number of words occurring in the same paragraph. For the category of faculty  , there were 70 positive and 1000 negative test  , with an accuracy of 99% negative  , and 64.3% positive.In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/.Together these techniques yielded better performance empirically than any other scheme we tested for defining an effective subset of UMLS strings and concept IDs. To combat the problem of ambiguous strings  , any string that pointed to multiple concept IDs was changed to point only to the concept with the lowest numerical value  , with the intuition that lower concept IDs tend to refer to the common usage of a word or phrase.As a follow-up study  , we are investigating whether UMLS improves the retrieval accuracy of the documents containing protein-protein pairs.We are also interested in whether keyphrases help the users understand the content of a collection and provide sensible entry points into it. In our earlier work 11 we applied a medical ontology  , Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , to entity tagging with some promising results.Besides working on plain text tokens  , we also utilized MetaMap2 to convert the raw text into sequences of UMLS medical concepts. See Table 2for the different representations tried in our experiments.For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination.Display: Complex spatial relationships are exquisitely displayed in stereoscopic 3D using a stereo-viewer applet 5 . Textbased searches benefit from relevant descriptive keywords drawn from available ontologies within the UMLS Metathesaurus 4 .In addition to the use of the UMLS Metathesaurus an excellent example of a collaboratively built vocabulary system  , this study has a number of unique features. It remains to be seen if the addition of tools such as stemmers and relevant parallel or comparable corpora improves performance.On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas.Once  , terms were added  , impact of terms on performance was monitored by looking at trend of weighing schemes on the first ranked document returned. To this end  , we have constructed a simple but effective model that lets users do exactly that by using SNOMED-CT  , UMLS  , Metamap and lets users add query expansion terms.We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein.Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities.Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike.Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS.In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. Thus in our experiments  , we focus on query refinement that uses pseudo relevance feedback  , and investigate the effect of combining this with two query expansion strategies Figure 1.In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead.In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation.If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. 2.However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying.14  developed an extensive pipeline to preprocess text and apply NLP techniques such as lemmatization and part of speech tagging  , while using UMLS 1 to label and relate terms for expansion. King et al.We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion.Previous work within the area of ontology alignment has mostly focused on discovering equivalence relationships between different concepts and roles in an ontology. SMatch and its modification to use the UMLS is explained further in section 5 with a worked example.Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770.We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b.For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words.The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data.We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e.  , FC7. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images.Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion.This measure represents concepts by vectors of co-occurrences. This choice relies on the fact that this measure relies on concepts definitions information rather than semantic network hierarchy; therefore it is able to calculate semantic relatedness of pair of concepts in different UMLS ontologies.We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection.Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 .For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles.For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms.We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset.At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Most large datasets provide a Semantic Sitemap and in general we report that data producers have been very keen to add one when requested given the very low overhead and the perceived lack of negative conse- quences.We also identified synonyms using UMLS and added them to the query. There are 14 possible entity types for a topic for example: PROTEINS  , " SIGNS OR SYMPTOMS "   , etc.6 In order to determine the false friends in the set of the already generated cognate candidate pairs  , CCSP A and CCSW E   , the parallel corpora of the aligned UMLS expressions were then morpho-semantically processed as described in Section 2. The size of the corpora derived from the linkages of the English UMLS to other languages amounts to 60 ,526 alignments for English-Spanish and 10 ,953 alignments for English- Swedish.i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B.Using the UMLS synonymy  , our search treated 'increased platelet count' and 'thrombocythemia' as synonyms of 'thrombocytosis'  , whereas as shown in Table 6  , this is not the case for the relevance judgments. Finally  , for topic 144  , Patients with diabetes mellitus who also have thrombocytosis  , the poor performance is due to a combination of differences in interpretation and our decision to use ICD-9 codes  , as well as our inability to use numeric values.For example  , 9 identifies and utilizes only the concepts from the Unified Medical Language System UMLS that are extracted using the MetaMap tool 1 from PRF documents. Each of these two types of approaches are able to identify only certain types of concepts.It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents.Other annotation projects tend to focus on particular fields  , G-Portal geography and ATLAS linguistics and support a number of user groups within the field. Although many of the developed tools SHOE Knowledge Annotator  , MnM annotation tool  , and WebKB focus on HTML pages  , the CREAting Metadata for the Semantic Web CREAM annotation framework promises to support manual and semi-automated annotation of both the shallow and deep web through the development of OntoAnnotate 21.3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic.for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e.The second is based on a UMLS CUI-representation of the documents  , topics  , and discharge summaries. The first is a linear combination of Markov Random Field MRF model and a Mixture of Relevance Models MRM.When no new entries can be generated using this method quiescence  , the algorithm stops. In the next run  , in which all UMLS alignments are processed once again  , this newly derived dictionary entry may serve for extracting   , e.g.  , the Swedish word 'luft' with its identifier #aero from the UMLS entry 'Air Pressure' English  , indexed by #aero #tense  linked to 'Lufttryck' Swedish.We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable.We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH.The results of the matchers can be combined using a weighted-sum approach in which each matcher is given a weight and the final similarity value between a pair of concepts is the weighted sum of the similarity values divided by the sum of the weights of the used matchers. The matcher UMLSM uses the domain knowledge in UMLS to obtain similarity values.The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12.All works propose interesting issues for SRC. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries.In the previous example  , both " Hearing Loss " and " Deafness " will be mapped to the UMLS concept C0011053. It is also worth to note that different phrases or words can be mapped to the same concepts.Conversion to concepts aims to overcome some of the vocabulary mismatch that exists in medical text. The advantage of using concepts rather than just terms is that different terms with the same meaning are mapped to the same concept — for example the input text 'Myocardial Infarction' and 'heart attack' will both map to the UMLS concept C0027051.To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. We created a score algorithm for which the output was the sentence with the highest probability of being a GeneRIF.Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system.The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them.The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org.We determine the effectiveness of our algorithm in relation to semi-supervised text classification algorithm proposed in 5 NB-EM. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data.Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5.A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF.Concepts in the domain ontology are then weighted according to their relatedness to the original query concepts. In this approach we develop query domain ontology for each query using the UMLS ontology.Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users.Therefore  , after releasing new KOS versions  , re-computing the whole set of mappings is a time-consuming task demanding huge efforts of validation. Usually  , hundreds of thousands of mappings are explored by applications such as the Unified Medical Language System UMLS.By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity.For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data.The semantic classes are linked by a set of 54 semantic relationships like prevents  , causes. An essential section of UMLS is a Semantic Network which has 135 biomedical semantic classes like Gene or Genome and Amino Acid  , Peptide  , or Protein.Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation.Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e.  , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance.In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives.For example  , a multi-word concept " Iron Deficiency Anemia " was represented using the Indri query language as follows: Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams.The first group G 1 consisting of 9 types that either correspond to some UMLS semantic types e.g.  , the entity type "SIGNS OR SYMPTOMS" corresponds to the UMLS semantic type "Sign or Symptom" or can be are those that we are able to retrieve their instances from some resources; Entity types in G 2 are those that we are unable to find any resources to automatically retrieve their instances. We divided the 14 entity types into two groups.In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts.In summary existing repositories provide only a partial solution  , since there are many more ontologies available than those of the UMLS. The BioPortal 21  maps certain data and annotation properties to SKOS vocabulary   , so users can easily retrieve textual definitions and labels from different ontologies.In the second approach of query expansion  , we use personalized PageRank to further exploit semantic relationships in a custom-built UMLS concept graph that represents the hierarchical relationships among multiple concepts nodes. This method directly expands original queries with term variants for the same medical concept  , thus potentially increases the recall of relevant documents.This helps to improve both recall  , by retrieving documents that would otherwise have had a vocabulary mismatch  , and precision  , by ranking documents according to the frequency of concept  , which should be more accurate than one of its plain text strings. For example  , given the concept of " Atrial Fibrillation  , " the following strings are all mapped to the same UMLS concept ID  , C0004238: --Atrial Fibrillation --Auricular Fibrillation --AFib --AF --and a number of others … Thus if a topic contains " atrial fibrillation " and the UMLS term C0004238 is added to the query  , it will match additional documents containing not only the words atrial or fibrillation but also any number of the semantic and morphological variants also associated with the concept C0004238.One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects.As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278.Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives.In order to capture this degree of synonymy  , we utilize the Unified Medical Language System UMLS Metathesaurus Schuyler et al. This phrase may be referred to as apoplexy  , brain attack  , or cerebrovascular accident.The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 .Four properties link the resources:  <patentA refers to patentB> patentA refers to patentB  <inventorC invented patentD> inventorC has invented patentD  <assigneeE assigned patentF> patentF is assigned to assigneeE  <patentG has term bioTermH> patentG has the biological concept bioTermH  , as determined by BioAnnotator At present Unified Medical Language System UMLS 21 is used as the biomedical knowledge source. The patents  , assignees and inventors of the patents as well as the Biomedical concepts identified by the BioAnnotator are represented as resources in the Semantic Web.Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly.Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks.The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool.For the UMLS CUI indexes  , however  , some additional processing was required. For the free-text index  , we used Indri's built-in XML parser directly to parse and index the article text.Also  , we retrieved the relevant UMLS concepts section 3.2.1  , and incorporated manual or search-engine enabled diagnosis identification section 3.2.2 based on case summaries. As shown in figure 1  , we extracted the document titles  , keywords  , body and abstract text as single attributes section 3.1.We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes.We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives.For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks.In the context of the set of disease and symptom entities only the mappings UMLS CUI and LOOM from BioPortal are relevant  , i.e. Again  , we use established ontology mappings to identify clusters of entities describing the same semantic concept.We compute personalized PageRank 6 over the graph  , using the previous distribution as the initial distribution  , and we produce a probability distribution over UMLS concepts . 3.For example of we consider the node labelled " MyocardialInfarction " from Tree 2  , its atomic formula would be myocardial inf arction with its corresponding Concepts attached from the UMLS. there is an existing match in the background resource for the entire label.The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats.Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource.4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al.To quantify this we computed the proportion of queries that contained complex clinical terminology from parts of the Unified Medical Language System UMLS MetaThesaurus. We also analyzed the technical nature of the query vocabulary used by the two groups.See Table 2for the different representations tried in our experiments. We also test the combined representation of " UMLS + raw text " in our experiments  , which uses the concatenation of plain text tokens and the extracted CUIs to represent records and query topics.The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets.Section 6 presents our evaluation methodology for our algorithm. Section 5 describes the modifications to the original SMatch algorithm for use with the UMLS.Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. These values are rather low.The UMLS semantic types of entities that were scored varied based on the entity type given in the initial topic question. Each passage retrieved by the previous stage was split into sentences  , and each sentence was scored for matching entities.We index all documents with UMLS-based concepts and topic signatures as shown in Figure 1. In Table 1-6  , the asterisk * indicates the initial query is weighted.The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family.A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications.All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32.Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good.Even in cases where there is a document  , an evaluation based on document rankings is not able to measure some of the key advantages of semantic search such as being able to give precise answers to factual questions or that answers can be computed by aggregating knowledge from different documents. This is the case for example with search engines that crawl and index Linked Data such as Sindice 19.For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number.This is made possible by the availability of relatively large and well aligned parallel corpora   , as provided by the UMLS Metathesaurus. First of all  , we propose a basically symbolic method for acquiring translations of subwords  , instead of using statistics.Therefore  , there exists a strong need for mechanisms for archiving  , preserving  , indexing  , and disseminating the wealth of scientific knowledge produced by the Brazilian CS community. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard.For simplicity  , we only used one level relationship. is transformed to T129  , ANTIBODIES  , detect  , tlr_4:C1321919+C1336636  , tlr_4  , tlr_4 For each key concept  , we obtained its conceptual relatives using the relationship table of the UMLS Metathesaurus.There are also terminology granularity considerations when matching queries and records. Frequently  , term normalization was done using MetaMap 2 to locate medical terms in text and map those terms to concepts in the UMLS metathesaurus.For example  , 11 describes an effort to represent Unified Medical Language System UMLS 21 using Semantic Web languages. Researchers have also endeavored to represent existing knowledge bases in the Semantic Web languages.It contains about one million concepts from different biomedical terminologies and over two million terms from various languages. In order to more adequately deal with such problems we incorporated the Metathesaurus of the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 19 .It is of interest to note that some of the relationships discovered using the differing hierarchies have presented different results e.g. In addition to showing equivalence and subsumption relationships there is also a " NF " relationship  , this means that a relationship has not been found between atomic formulae using the UMLS.These values are rather low. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413.These terms are slightly different morphologically. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " .The results are shown in This preliminary analysis reveals that both UMLS terms and chunk terms play an important role in retrieving relevant abstracts. The results of this exercise are summarized in We also studied the contribution of each of the three classes of terms in the context of the full retrieval task rather than their matching power against the set of true relevant documents.For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few.For our final expansion system  , we first applied MetaMap to identify phrases linked to terms in the UMLS Metathesaurus. We defined manual expansion rules from these resources based on the sample queries and 50 priority queries from the NLM priority list.ing monthly harvest of fruits. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells.The UMLS Metathesaurus provides a semantic classification of terms from a wide range of vocabularies in the clinical and biomedical domain. To identify terms in topics and to find their synonyms we rely on the UMLS Metathesaurus Humphreys et al.  , 1998. WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments.Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily.WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . 4.the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e.We have formalised the original steps for semantic matching and created a framework built entirely on the logic behind the original algorithm. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach.We extend this framework by considering more fine-grained concept types  , depending on whether the concepts of the above three types occur in the query itself including the multi-word UMLS concepts or in the PRF documents  , and thus providing a more flexible concept matching strategy. In particular  , our retrieval model builds upon the Markov Random Fieldbased Parameterized Query Expansion PQE framework 3  , which assumes that the information need underlying a multi-term query can be categorized using three query concept types unigrams  , ordered bigrams  , and unordered bigrams  , each of which is associated with its own matching function.  , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc.Given a pair of UMLS concepts  , YTEX can produce knowledge based and distributional based similarity measures. We use YTEX 3 to measure semantic similarity.This phase  , any term phrase i.e.  , practically bi-word exists in UMLS is accepted as a medical entity and selected as an index terms for our system. Before indexing the document collection  , we performed a preprocessing phase to select the indexing terms.The re-ranking component receives as input a patient profile and a set of articles that need to be personalized to that patient. In addition to the semantic type that is provided by our term disambiguation module using information from the UMLS  , the re-ranking module uses several additional features  , also extracted during the processing of the articles and patient record when our common representation is constructed:Accordingly  , as regards the query construction  , our main idea was to detect the medical concepts in the medical reports/cases and to expand them with terms of semantic controlled vocabularies such as UMLS. As regards the preprocessing   , our main assumption was that only particular medical study designs are appropriate for each type of clinical question and tried to reduce the number of articles in each clinical question type.Test " Medical Device "   , " Drug Delivery Device "   , " Research Device "   , " Indicator  , Reagent  , or Diagnostic Acid "   , " Laboratory Procedure "   , " Diagnostic Procedure " 296 ,161 Table 1shows the clinical categories and the associated UMLS semantic types.We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques.There are 124 paths of length ≤ 5 between the resources Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold.The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 .These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals.An essential section of UMLS is a Semantic Network which has 135 biomedical semantic classes like Gene or Genome and Amino Acid  , Peptide  , or Protein. UMLS is a consolidated repository of medical terms and their relationships  , spread across multiple languages and disciplines chemistry  , biology  , etc.Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. Section 2 presents previous work conducted in the area of semantic matching and ontology alignment.Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6.Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. 111 assessed query expansion using the UMLS Metathesaurus.Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs.Constraints were applied on the MetaMap to restrict the semantic classes of mapped concepts to chemicals and drugs  , physiology  , and disorders. Elements in TS topics that could not be mapped to UMLS such as DNA-based asymmetric catalysis   , Asymmetric catalysis  , hydrophobic amino acid  , and endogenous phospholipid were used as-is and stored for further processing.Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " .We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets.The size of the corpora derived from the linkages of the English UMLS to other languages amounts to 60 ,526 alignments for English-Spanish and 10 ,953 alignments for English- Swedish. The linkage to other languages is considerably poorer  , both in qualitative as well as quantitative terms.We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . µ models are based on the suggestions by 4.We employed MetaMap with its default settings  , and we allowed it to map the same text to multiple concepts. Given a topic  , as shown in Figure 1  , MetaMap was used to map the summary field of each topic to UMLS concepts  , as show in Table 1.Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents.They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size.Section 5 describes the modifications to the original SMatch algorithm for use with the UMLS. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching.We created three versions of queries for UMLS-CUI indexes as follows: 1. We ran the generated queries generated against different Indri indexes to get an ensemble of single ranked list results.We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/.The contributions of our work are as follows. Third  , using external resources such as UMLS and MedLine does not improve the retrieval performance  , and in some cases the performance even degrades.The situation with Brazilian blogs was also challenging: The blogger.com.br domain lacks a group of easily identifiable reputable hosts that are at the center of the community. We believe that it would be possible for a search engine company to perform this analysis  , either automatically e.g.  , using statistical natural language processing and/or by relying on white-lists provided by vigilante groups  , such as Technorati.A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. Technorati.New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used.We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested.This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy.Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced.The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. The " engines " column shows the results of the runs generated using the big-document strategy; " search " column is about all the runs generated by the snippetbased big-document strategy; and " docs " column presents the results of the runs generated by the small-document strategy.For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17.1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset.Using linguistic knowledge of various kinds  , MetaMap identifies UMLS terms and variant forms of these terms in free text. To map a given topic to the Metathesaurus  , we use the MetaMap program Aronson  , 2001.Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013.Mapping text to concepts aims to overcome some of the vocabulary mismatch that might exist in medical text by mapping different terms to the related concept. Fig 2 showsan example of mapping the original topic number 137 to UMLS concepts.First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels.Queries were mostly based on the " summary " narrative  , and were modified either automatically or with the help of a domain expert. To achieve this  , we built two indexes – an inverted index on the free text and a second index on the UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap in the entire article.Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org.The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy .The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " .To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post.The question asked at this point is whether the performance differences observed is due to their different levels of representation in the UMLS or due to important differences in the languages that we are not considering  , or perhaps due to both 'where P and Q are the number of digrams in each word cepts to those 18 ,276 concepts which were also available and N is the number in common. In general it is clear that the French results are inferior to the Spanish results.All GO codes were extracted from the ontology and synonymous phrases were looked for in the UMLS Knowledge Server used in the retrieval task. Although the publicly available data performed well  , these results show that it is worthwhile to invest resources in analysing full text.Therefore  , we adopt the UMLS Metathesaurus to expand the concepts. However  , the basic queries which are only extracted from the given patient record  , cannot completely retrieve relevant literatures for answering the clinical questions.Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics.We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents.The classification of the 14 entity types are given in Table 1. The second group G 2 consisting of the remaining 5 types that we are not sure they correspond to any UMLS semantic type  , such as "ANTIBODIES".For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. dmoz.org.Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization.For this synonym  , the query on overlapping pairs was empty and in this case all terms after the first one are expanded before ANDing. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS.Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant.Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network.MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al.  , 2010.A comprehensive semantic search was carried out by Gurulingappa et al. Also in their work  , the problem of synonymy was tackled by indexing UMLS Concept IDs  , which would match all the descriptions that map to the same concept ID.The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8.Paragraphs as defined in section 1  , or some contraction of paragraphs  , formed the baseline unit of retrieval for our submissions. Extracted terms are expanded with synonyms identified using UMLS.The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words.Finally  , we designed and trained a reranking sub-system using the Random Forest algorithm 2 to combine the ensemble of single ranked lists into a final ranked list. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores.The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. In total there were 7299 patents  , 2852 inventors or assignees some inventors are also assignees.The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS.The matched concepts were then used as candidate terms to be expanded; in some cases terms consisted of a primary term followed by a parenthesized description — such as " Intervention Surgical and medical procedures " — and in such cases we treated them as separate candidate terms. For our final expansion system  , we first applied MetaMap to identify phrases linked to terms in the UMLS Metathesaurus.We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri.A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20.Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties.Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation.It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes.This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin.It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature.Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users.dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1.The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts.on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g.LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them.The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed.We first run MetaMap and identify the UMLS concepts in the query  , we explore two variants: with and without the in-built Word Sense Disambiguation WSD module. Given a query and the graph-based representation of UMLS  , we obtain a ranked list of related concepts as follows: 1.and Q "  involved digram based vocabulary normalization procedures. We also look forward to exploring the other languages of the UMLS: Portuguese and German.In total there were 7299 patents  , 2852 inventors or assignees some inventors are also assignees. Then a Semantic Web was created from the patents both the original 1346 patents and the patents they referred to  , the assignees  , the inventors and the UMLS biological terms in the patents.This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. and was called MEDLEE.The terms from this smallest subgraph were then used as expansion terms for the new query. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms.Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest.For both re-ranking and summarization  , better handling of value matching would also increase personalization . We are exploring methods to exploit depth in the UMLS hierarchy to help us make this determi- nation.To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts.As shown in Table 1 LOOM covering all BioPortal ontologies is better in the direct comparison to UMLS using the adapted approach  , however it is even better to exploit both mappings for increased coherence of the resulting graph. As a result the number 1-entity clusters almost doubles in comparison to the case where one takes maximally connected components as clusters.We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples.He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT.Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10.There are a number of future directions for this work. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress.For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012.Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries.It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1.We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. 3.3.2007URLs. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs.Using semantic indexing  , different free text reformulations or synonyms of a medical entity are mapped to the same medical concepts in a predefined ontology. Our second contribution consists of conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS  , and a conceptual matching model based on concept confidence weights in the document.figure 6  , using the Atom and Concept hierarchies for matching atomic formulae. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation.We use metamap in two ways  , firstly to identify keywords from a verbose query and secondly to extract candidate terms for query expansion. Metamap is capable of parsing and finding medical concepts with options allowing users to disambiguate and filter UMLS concepts in the text.To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social.They obtained an improvement for each topic category. The second is based on a UMLS CUI-representation of the documents  , topics  , and discharge summaries.The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g.  , BlogPulse and Technorati.The GATE MetaMap plugin 1 ,2 mapped the abstracts of the articles to the Unied Medical Language System UMLS 3  , a controlled vocabulary for biomedical terminology. If an abstract was not available for an article  , the Conclusion section of the text  , extracted with a regular expression  , was used as a substitute for the abstract.By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2.In the second series  , we derived a semantic graph for queries and documents from UMLS. In the first series  , we used Mini- Par 3 to produce a dependency parse for both queries and documents.We decided to use MetaMap  , a tool used for mapping biomedical text to the UMLS Meta thesaurus. Recognizing medical concepts in a patient's case report was the most vital step for our system to generate meaningful queries.On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit.Performance on individual topics seems to correlate with that of the median  , i.e. Certain UMLS concepts have no equivalent in SNOMED-CT  , such cases were found in the worst performing queries.It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. We can see from equation 4 that this is not satisfiable and therefore the more general relationship between these two nodes holds.In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users.For each document  , we record the frequency count of each concept and signature and the basic statistics. We index all documents with UMLS-based concepts and topic signatures as shown in Figure 1.Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags.As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users.The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set.In the approach proposed here  , we use a metric from quantitative linguistics 6 to automatically build a gold standard. An earlier experiment on evaluating the precision of unsupervised text mining for ontologies is reported in 20 using UMLS 13 as gold standard.The system intends to use medical entities found in Unified Medical Language System UMLS 2  , that is a set of files and software that brings together many health and biomedical vocabularies and standards to enable interoperability between computer systems. The main focus of our experiments is to evaluate the power of medical entities such as term and term phrases in medical text retrieval.More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. KeyConcepts – the key concepts and their corresponding normalized terms in the query topic.  AnswerUMLSSem – the UMLS semantic categories for the expecting answers  AnswerSem – the original answer semantic category  EventRelationType – the event or relation types usually indicated using verbs.Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS. Modeling and developing domain ontologies is a fundamental framework for representing knowledge using a set of concepts and the relationships among the concepts.The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites.The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e.  , fbis8T and fbis8L. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version.For evaluating our methods  , we used WebKB datasets4 and these web pages crawled from these four universities' website are manually divided into seven classes  , such as students  , faculty  , staff  , department  , course  , project and others. Fig.1also shows that when c is between 0.25 to 0.45  , SimRank will receive the highest scores and when c is between 0.55 to 0.9  , P-Rank will get the highest scores for these datasets.The first step involved finding the terms that needed expansion   , in other words  , we stopped terms that did not fall under any medical categorical concepts  , and we call these concepts as candidate terms. For example  , for the query below we kept these phrases: " liver metastasis " " treated hospital " " cancer patient " " procedure "   , and this is more effective than just using stop words  , as we can identify phrases from the queries that exist in the UMLS data source.We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10.We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settingsWe collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents.The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap.When using the UMLS Concept hierarchy for the matching of atomic formulae there seems to be no significant difference in the number of results regardless of filtering scheme employed. Also these results are equivalent to no filtering of Concepts attached to atomic formulae.The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. Table 1.All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org.In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids.For getting the informative words  , i.e.  , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2.However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 .Before queries are generated  , keywords have to be extracted from the natural language questions. For instance  , the noun phrase " lysosomal abnormalities " are broken down into " lysosomal " and " abnormalities "   , since " lysosomal " is recognized as part of a body region and " abnormalities " as a finding according to UMLS Metathesaurus.The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA.The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title.Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies.But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video.They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2.In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 .Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis.Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases.The same decay parameters were used as the query-side ontological propagation above  , but additionally cut off propagation towards parents at a path distance of 3  , and towards children at a path distance of 2. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors.These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data.Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource.It turns out that recall computed over the fixed return sets of 1000 documents for each query goes up when synonyms are included  , but only slightly: 2186 relevant documents retrieved in the first run vs. 2346 relevant documents retrieved in the second run out of a total of 8268 relevant documents. To find query terms in topics and to determine synonymous terms  , we made use of the UMLS Metathesaurus.The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator.Before indexing the document collection  , we performed a preprocessing phase to select the indexing terms. The system intends to use medical entities found in Unified Medical Language System UMLS 2  , that is a set of files and software that brings together many health and biomedical vocabularies and standards to enable interoperability between computer systems.The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere .The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set.The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1.However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields.This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets.Conversion to concepts aims to overcome some of the vocabulary mismatch that exists in medical text. The advantage of using concepts rather than just terms is that different terms with the same meaning are mapped to the same concept — for example the input text 'Myocardial Infarction' and 'Heart Attack' will both map to the same UMLS concept.We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES.To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. Xanga.Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4.We identified synonyms using a combination of tools from the UMLS. We then used our MRCONSO derived term-to-concept table to identify all terms for the concepts and used those terms as synonyms.Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98.With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task.We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction.The purpose of NLM's Unified Medical Language System UMLS is to facilitate the development of computer systems that behave as if they "understand" the meaning of the language of biomedicine and health. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2.Finally  , the scale of this final ontology will require significant improvement in ontology engineering tools  , particularly for the edition and the maintenance. SNOMED or UMLS seem to be better options.This list contains semantic types such as " Daily or Recreational Activity "   , " Professional or Occupational Group "   , and " Manufactured Object " . We have also identified a set of semantic types TUIs in the UMLS Semantic Network which we a priori judged to be irrelevant to the domain.Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched.However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance.For example  , C0020538 is a concept about the disease of hypertension in UMLS Metathesaurus http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls; it also represents a set of synonymous terms including high blood pressure  , hypertension  , and hypertensive disease. It represents a set of synonymous terms in the domain.As in our use-case scenario  , in many application contexts only certain parts of the available knowledge are relevant. Again  , we follow the UMLS approach where Concept Unique Identifiers are used to integrate entities of different ontologies on the conceptual level.Even though big clusters are not problematic per se  , these very big clusters indicate that the quality of the mappings is not fine-grained enough: A cluster with about 70 ,000 entities from about 250 ontologies contains many entities that represent different concepts. This approach  , however  , creates some very big clusters: The largest connected component of the disease graph contains around 70 ,000 entities if we consider all mappings and even around 33 ,000 if we consider only mappings from UMLS CUI or LOOM.Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors.  Report-side ontological propagation.Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink.The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results.Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors.It is typical that different parts of the word sequences in the noun phrases can belong to different entity classes. A naïve approach was used in extracting keywords by finding the noun phrases from the questions and check against resources such as Entrez Gene and UMLS Metathesaurus to recognize their types.Maybe the synonyms in UMLS are not very relevant to this particular task. Synonymous terms seem to be less important: many synonyms are found  , but only a few new relevant abstracts are retrieved by these terms.The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ .All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more.illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. concludes this paper.There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments.The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. SMERA is a mixed approach that combines both the LSI method with pseudo relevance feedback documents  , and a semantic method based on UMLS concepts.The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e.  , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search.We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced.OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution.UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 .Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. In the embedding models 7  , 5  , 6  , 31 .Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. Queries were mostly based on the " summary " narrative  , and were modified either automatically or with the help of a domain expert.By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. For example  , " Alzheimer's disease " has synonyms such as " Alzheimer disease  , " and " AD. "2. candidates: A possibly empty list of UMLS candidate concepts identified in the phrase. A phrase always appears with corresponding candidates and mappings objects.One of these tables  , which we did not end up using in our runs  , contains terms that are collocated in medical literature. The UMLS metathesaurus contains a couple of large tables that relate concepts to one another.For example  , UMLS concept C0017423 is of type Biomedical or Dental Material which is a subclass of Chemical. Note that the Jena inference engine is utilized while determining all concepts of type Chemical.Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec.For instance  , the noun phrase " lysosomal abnormalities " are broken down into " lysosomal " and " abnormalities "   , since " lysosomal " is recognized as part of a body region and " abnormalities " as a finding according to UMLS Metathesaurus. In that case  , such noun phrases are broken down into separate query terms.The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later.Given a query and the graph-based representation of UMLS  , we obtain a ranked list of related concepts as follows: 1. No weights are used for the relations that are extracted from the MRREL table.Finally  , rather than acquiring bilateral word translations  , our focus lies on assigning subwords to interlingual semantic identifiers. This is made possible by the availability of relatively large and well aligned parallel corpora   , as provided by the UMLS Metathesaurus.Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class.Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2.The corresponding UMLS concepts were added as a case feature. We asked clinicians to propose a diagnosis for each of the cases based on information in the summaries  , narratives and case type.OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number.2  propose methods that require only weaker comparable corpora cf. 23  deal with parallel German-English corpora to enrich an existing multilingual lexicon also taken from the UMLS Metathesaurus  , Fung and Yee 5  , Rapp 15 and Déjean et al.A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc.The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012.In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success.In recent times tools like Jena 8  have been developed to facilitate the development of Semantic Web applications. For example  , 11 describes an effort to represent Unified Medical Language System UMLS 21 using Semantic Web languages.The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g.  , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework.We also test the combined representation of " UMLS + raw text " in our experiments  , which uses the concatenation of plain text tokens and the extracted CUIs to represent records and query topics. We use " raw text " to tag those retrieval runs using the plain text token after preprocessing.This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL.For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset.Expanding the queries using UMLS-sourced synonyms for each word in the query increased MAP and recall  , while decreasing precision at 0.1 and average precision at 10. exact string match  , normalised string match.We have identified three types of knowledge that are important in information seeking: problem structure PICO frames  , task knowledge clinical tasks and SoE considerations  , and domain knowledge UMLS. The contributions of this paper are a general framework for conceptual retrieval and a concrete instantiation of the approach in the clinical domain.In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25.The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms.The entities correspond to high-level concepts  , and the relations correspond to semantic relations. The UMLS dataset is a biomedical semantic network constructed from the Unified Medical Language System  , which was developed by McCray 20.Our evaluation focuses on using differing features of the UMLS for the filtering in the second step and the matching of atomic formulae in the third step. As can be seen the results of using either the concept hierarchy or the atom hierarchy in the third step are different  , hence the axioms  , or information from a background resource can have a great influence on the final result.In addition  , we will investigate whether and how keyphrases can be used in information retrieval systems as descriptions of the documents returned by a query  , the basis for search indexes  , a way of browsing a collection  , and a document clustering technique. As a follow-up study  , we are investigating whether UMLS improves the retrieval accuracy of the documents containing protein-protein pairs.We are also interested in whether keyphrases help the users understand the content of a collection and provide sensible entry points into it.In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10.This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine.We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased .Negations were also propagated. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy.Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease.SemRep Semantic Knowledge Representation 3 is a tool for the identification of relations in any arbitrary text. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used.The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram.We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . Negation is also noted.Since the Ad Hoc Retrieval task involves searching over MEDLINE abstracts using topics derived from information needs of biomedical researchers  , we assume that the UMLS Metathesaurus is a useful source of domain-relevant terms see McCray et al. It currently contains well over 2 million distinct English terms.An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. Different evaluation measures are shown: 1. nDCG@20 official RS metric  , with the gain of duplicates set to zero see below  , and where the reference covers all results over all resources.Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general.Most relevant for this work are lexical mappings LOOM 5  , created by a software  , based on the similarity notion between preferred labels or preferred and alternative labels and the mappings created by UMLS CUIs. In total the BioPortal contains six different mapping resources.Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4.The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. WebKB.Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones.The stop word list was prepared by close examination of the terms linked to concepts within the Pharmacological substance semantic type in the UMLS and includes terms like water Humphrey  , 1999. Since not all the Pharmacological substances in the UMLS are drugs  , a stop word list was used to filter out false positives.All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16.First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references.Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors.  Query-side ontological propagation.This list was assembled by hand and represents just an initial implementation. The UMLS semantic types of entities that were scored varied based on the entity type given in the initial topic question.Intuitively  , such approaches should alleviate the terminology mismatch problem . For instance  , Aronson 2 deployed MetaMap 3 to identify medical concepts in medical records and queries and represented them in the form of the UMLS Concept Unique Identifiers CUIs.For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories.In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. The data provided by AcroMed 4   , LocusLink 5   , and UMLS 6 are processed to create three lexicons.As noted in Table 1  , our Lucene Index contains fields for UMLS concepts from the abstract. The Lucene analyzer used for non-stemmed fields was the StandardAnalyzer class  , and the analyzer used for stemming was the EnglishAnalyzer class.Overall using the Concept hierarchy for the matching of atomic formulae in the third step resulted in many more Less General and More General relationships being discovered than using the Atom hierarchy; this is because the Concept hierarchy is more expressive than the Atom hierarchy of the UMLS. Table 5shows the total number of matches found for each matching task.MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap.We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords.We used MetaMap-2010 to identify phrases linked to terms in the UMLS Metathesaurus version 2010aa  , and we only keep terms that have a mapping to a medical concept. The first step involved finding the terms that needed expansion   , in other words  , we stopped terms that did not fall under any medical categorical concepts  , and we call these concepts as candidate terms.Although the UMLS is a comprehensive terminological resource containing over 2 million concepts  , it has been shown to lack several biomedical concepts Gurulingappa et al.  , 2009a. MetaMap was strictly applied to title  , chemical  , and condition sections of all TS topics.In this step  , we used Lexical Variant Generation LVG tool 3  , version 2006p  , which is available as UTS Web service framework to generate a set of string normalizations for the input string. This phase  , any term phrase i.e.  , practically bi-word exists in UMLS is accepted as a medical entity and selected as an index terms for our system.We also found that the standard reference resources e.g.  , RxNorm were lacking the breadth of information necessary for query expansion. The stop word list was prepared by close examination of the terms linked to concepts within the Pharmacological substance semantic type in the UMLS and includes terms like water Humphrey  , 1999." atrial fibrillation  , " " paroxysmal  , " " atrial  , " and " fibrillation  , " all of which have different concept IDs and would be indexed as separate terms. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. "We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users.TOXICITIES We manually created a thesaurus for this category  , containing 17 different toxic- ities. DRUGS  , DISEASES and SIGNS AND SYMPTOMS For these categories  , we used the concepts belonging to the appropriate semantic types from the UMLS Unified Medical Language System 5 thesaurus.The description for each of the SNOMED CT concepts is provided in UMLS concepts are then mapped to SNOMED CT concepts c.The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. We further reduce the effect of general concepts by weighting scores from PPR with scores from regular PageRank.Searching with MetaMap and SemRep identified UMLS concepts and relations showed poor results. Results of semantic search with dictionary concepts and CRF-identified concepts considerably outperformed rest of the preliminary runs means without any post-processing.To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service. Thus  , in addition to the two tables required to represent the entity types work and set  , there is a separate table for each multivalued attribute.We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept.As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision.One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge.Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text.To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus.The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers.ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org.Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives.MetaMap only identifies UMLS concepts  , which are then mapped to SNOMED-CT concepts . Results are heavily dependent on the quality of concept extraction provided by the MetaMap system.We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism.The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu.ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org.found in the Entrez Gene database. The first group G 1 consisting of 9 types that either correspond to some UMLS semantic types e.g.  , the entity type "SIGNS OR SYMPTOMS" corresponds to the UMLS semantic type "Sign or Symptom" or can be are those that we are able to retrieve their instances from some resources; Entity types in G 2 are those that we are unable to find any resources to automatically retrieve their instances.The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g.  , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework.We use the UMLS Metathesaurus  , a comprehensive collection of controlled vocabularies in the biomedical domain  , to identify query terms in topics and to determine their synonyms. The hypothesis we want to test is whether the performance on this particular retrieval task can be improved by expanding queries with synonyms of the original query terms.For example  , for the query below we kept these phrases: " liver metastasis " " treated hospital " " cancer patient " " procedure "   , and this is more effective than just using stop words  , as we can identify phrases from the queries that exist in the UMLS data source. We used MetaMap-2010 to identify phrases linked to terms in the UMLS Metathesaurus version 2010aa  , and we only keep terms that have a mapping to a medical concept.Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. Training Label Set Y0.Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos.By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee.To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 .In addition to showing equivalence and subsumption relationships there is also a " NF " relationship  , this means that a relationship has not been found between atomic formulae using the UMLS. Tables 1 and 2 show a subset of results of matching atomic formulae from the two trees.Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005.The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper.321 have shown that expanding gene symbols with their lexical variants improved the retrieval effectiveness of their biomedical IR systems. For example  , for the gene symbol "NF-kappa B"  , at least 5 different lexical variants can be found in the biomedical literature: "NF-kappaB"  , "NFkappaB"  , "NFkappa B"  , "NF-kB"  , and "NFkB"  , three of which are not in the current UMLS and two not in the Entrez Gene.WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . 3.WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents.ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda.Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence.We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for.We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content.Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year.This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper.For example  , two proteins could be semantically compatible in UMLS e.g.  , protein-protein interaction. A pair of two topic concepts will be treated as a topic signature if they meet the following three requirements: 1 both of them are major concepts; 2 they appear in the same clause of an English sentence; and 3 their semantic types are compatible according to the domain ontology.This can explain the fact that the increasing rate of the completion rate of AMDC pos only is comparable to that of other methods in the Kinships and UMLS datasets when the number of queries increases. However  , if the number of unlabeled triples decreases to be comparable to that of positive triples  , it has less influence on unlabeled triples  , and therefore  , the effectiveness of the ROC-AUC loss function decreases.3 How would you grade your knowledge of bibliographic self-archiving after using the BDBComp service ? 2 How would you grade your knowledge about the Dublin Core metadata standard ?The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality.Atoms are related to one another in simple taxonomic hierarchies with varying semantics for example " isa " or " part of "   , this information is contained within the MRHIER table. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies.We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased.In the process of query's auto-construction  , Metamap a tool to map biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus is used for extracting the medical concepts from the summary section of patient records. The query construction consists of query extraction  , query expansion and query set generation.The poor performance of SVM-DBSCAN is mainly due to the small number of attributes used when compared with the original proposed method described in 17. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric.The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data.Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category.The concept extraction by MaxMatcher is equivalent to maximizing the weighted overlap between the word sequences in text and the concepts in an ontology  , such as the UMLS Metathesaurus. We adopt MaxMatcher 20 for concept extractions.Although the WebKB documents have link information we disregarded this fact in the training phase and choose to treat them only as textual data but for the testing phase we took into account both textual and linking information. Documents from the " misc " university were also used for HCLA since the larger size of the initial text corpus can enhance the efficiency of LSI.To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities.Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/.Building on the work of Nadkarni  , we also identified terms from the Universal Medical Language System UMLS that appeared in the reports. Together these techniques yielded better performance empirically than any other scheme we tested for defining an effective subset of UMLS strings and concept IDs.This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al.  , 2012. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200.For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories.For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range.This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosineAll the methods were found to perform similarly on treatments figure 4. This suggests that the overlap between UMLS concepts in the case reports and the concepts in the query is a good indicator of the relevance of literature to a case report for diagnostic purposes.The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus:Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query.It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999.This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11.Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents .Single-word and multi-word statistical concepts from the query and single-word concepts from PRF documents have been show to be effective for ad-hoc retrieval in 11  , 3. For example  , 9 identifies and utilizes only the concepts from the Unified Medical Language System UMLS that are extracted using the MetaMap tool 1 from PRF documents.The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data.This is followed by the hyponyms extracted from the UMLS. The numbers indicate that the vocabulary that has generated the queries is more likely to be the same as the documents  , comparing to other knowledge sources.In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today.As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012.Our third run used word based index with topic expansion based on UMLS for all the topics. The second run used sentence based index with topic expansion using Entrez Gene on the 11 gene-related topics.Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS.UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits.The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section.We call this type of concepts " implicitly related concepts " of the query. In the given example  , "hepatitis B virus" is not a synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , nor a lexical variant of any of the query concepts  , but it is semantically related to the query concepts according to the UMLS Semantic Network.Once the above steps are completed  , the concepts  , related to atomic formulae  , in the two trees  , are matched against each other using the UMLS hierarchy. If we wish to use the Atom hierarchy  , the mapping rules are as follows:For this reason  , we validate our context-sensitive semantic smoothing method on genomic collections because UMLS could be used as the domain ontology for this area. Our current implementation of topic signature extraction relies on a domain ontology.Considering that for a webpage w 1 in the graph  , these algorithms will return a rank list of relative pages. For evaluating our methods  , we used WebKB datasets4 and these web pages crawled from these four universities' website are manually divided into seven classes  , such as students  , faculty  , staff  , department  , course  , project and others.Then a Semantic Web was created from the patents both the original 1346 patents and the patents they referred to  , the assignees  , the inventors and the UMLS biological terms in the patents. The title and abstracts of the patents were annotated by BioAnnotator .To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts.The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 .As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS.1 expanded queries with phrases and UMLS concepts determined by the MetaMap  , a program which maps biomedical text to UMLS concepts  , and no significant improvement was shown. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported.In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion.However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions.Achieving an IR model capable of exploiting semantics requires proper relatedness/similarity measures 6. The structural framework of UMLS ontologies aids us in categorizing concepts and locating related and similar concepts automatically.After sentence splitting with SemRep version 2014 4  , UMLS concepts for abstracts and diagnoses were found using MedTagger. The articles' abstract  , body  , title and keyword text was extracted from the document XML  , and then indexed using Lucene version 5.10 as separate fields  , with the exception that the abstract and body text were conflated into one field.Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. Atoms are related to one another in simple taxonomic hierarchies with varying semantics for example " isa " or " part of "   , this information is contained within the MRHIER table.To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes.Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging.In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset.For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6.For this purpose we selected the following concepts:  We use the parent–child relationship in the UMLS metathesaurus to select all terms related as a narrower concept for each of these general concepts. We selected several subtrees from the UMLS that are most related to the Genomics sub domain.One reason is the types have directions. There are 476 types of relations in UMLS  , but not all of them are useful in expanding the queries.KMS uses the UMLS lexicon for this purpose  , since it contains information about the " regularity " of a verb form and how it's various tenses are formed. has to be transformed to " James Dean died " .In order to select the expansion terms from the ranking of concepts  , we use a threshold value to retrieve the top concepts  , and then we obtain all the terms that appear under each concept in the UMLS Metathesaurus. a damping value of 0.95  , and 30 iterations.It is precisely this ability to access all blog entries that use a given tag that makes the analysis in this paper possible. Technorati also provides a RESTful 6  API that allows programmatic access to their data  , including the ability to find the top N tags  , find all articles that have been assigned a particular tag  , or all blogs that link to a particular URL.  , MedTagger will find the following UMLS concepts: C0038379 Strabismus  , NOS C0016059 Fibroses C1268995 Extraocular muscle C0026845 Muscles For instance  , in the sentence " To learn about the molecular etiology of strabismus  , we are studying the genetic basis of 'congenital fibrosis of the extraocular muscles' CFEOM. "On average  , each synonym matches only 2.6 relevant documents  , whereas the original search terms match 11.9 documents for UMLS terms and 15.8 documents for chunks. Further analysis of the results shows that even though each UMLS search term generates about 5.4 synonyms  , these synonyms are less " powerful " than the original search terms.On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics.Mapping between terminologies may result in a loss in meaning from the original query or document. MetaMap only identifies UMLS concepts  , which are then mapped to SNOMED CT concepts.The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties.However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate.Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009.Thus we can differentiate between concepts and their structures the generic  , partitive and associative relations at the conceptual level  , concept expressions and their structures the equivalence relation at the . In our deductive data model the cowep  , 1986; Paice  , 1991; UMLS  , 1994.UMLS offers an easy to use API that allowed our team to effectively retrieve the synonyms of symptoms. Additionally  , our domain expert generated a list of common symptoms that we would not want to expand on after analyzing the 2014 data.However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept.Experiments show that a citation scoring algorithm which operationalizes the principles of evidence-based medicine dramatically outperforms a state-of-the-art baseline in retrieving MEDLINE citations. We have identified three types of knowledge that are important in information seeking: problem structure PICO frames  , task knowledge clinical tasks and SoE considerations  , and domain knowledge UMLS.Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements.For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web.As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users.In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g.  , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term.We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10.Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " .Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser.To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem.We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U.S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12.Tables 2This is interesting because the principal metric used to rank blogs has been inlink count for example see the Technorati Top 100 5 or BlogPulse's Daily Top Blogs 6 . We argue that conversation mass is another important feature that is not necessarily correlated with in-links.Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial.JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems.In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g.   , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article.In order to obtain the graph structure of UMLS  , we simply treat the concepts in UMLS as vertices  , and the relations listed in the MRREL and MRCOC tables as edges. The MRCOC table contains co-occurrence relations between concepts  , that is  , relations between similar concepts or different concepts that share an important connection.The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes.However  , according to our clinical expert  , in general a distinction between disease and symptom should be possible and thus we consider that the overlap is due to wrong assignment of semantic types. Since the entities of DO and SYMP are disjoint  , this means that those entities must be defined in some of the UMLS ontologies as disease and symptom.The approaches described in 17 and 19 extend upon the paradigm of simple entity search and try to generate interpretations of keyword queries which exploit the semantics available on the Linked Data Web. This led to semantic search engines  , such as Swoogle 5  , Watson 4  , Sigma 20 and Sindice 21  , which aim to index RDF across the Web and make it available for entity search.Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014.Its purpose is to integrate conceptual information from differing sources of biomedical terminology. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge.UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners.This would be the single atomic formula for the node. For example of we consider the node labelled " MyocardialInfarction " from Tree 2  , its atomic formula would be myocardial inf arction with its corresponding Concepts attached from the UMLS.Or results indicate that expansion using UMLS concepts to build structured queries works well. However  , we still need to do some more work on analyzing the results to find a better model that can consistently do a better job on reranking passages using semantic information.To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology.Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org.Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful.In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes.We accounted for these ICD-9 codes by mapping to their textual representations using the UMLS Metathesaurus. They are frequently used in lieu of more sophisticated cohort identification procedures.Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. 3.Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward.Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals.We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23.The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers.For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming.It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery.Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above.For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4.The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression.Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. For getting the informative words  , i.e.  , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink.BioAnnotator also uses a Rule Engine to identify unknown and new biological terms. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose.This shows that the AMDC method can successfully learn a model even from an imbalanced dataset. Second  , our querying strategy achieved the highest improvement on the UMLS dataset  , the most imbalanced dataset.It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run.This supports our motivation to set two different problem settings. AMDC achieved almost the same ROC-AUC scores as AMDC rand on the UMLS and Nations datasets and achieved even worse ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships dataset.3. mappings: A possibly empty list of MetaMap's final mappings and a subset of the candidate set. 2. candidates: A possibly empty list of UMLS candidate concepts identified in the phrase.Admission and discharge ICD codes were also converted to their UMLS equivalent and added to each visit. The same process was applied to the query topics.This was achieved using publicly available database of medical terms called UMLS Metathesaurus. We tried five different approaches for query modification:  Filtering the query: We performed a query filtering by keeping only medical terms.Also these results are equivalent to no filtering of Concepts attached to atomic formulae. The interesting thing to note is that the filtering using the Co-Occurrence relationships within the UMLS resulted in a slightly reduced number of alignments being classified as a less general relationship in the Atom hierarchy tests.In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations.Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds.We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web.Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection.Our retrieval system multiplies the weight of expansion terms by multiplicative factor to ensure that expanded terms are given less importance during retrieval process. All the terms  , including expanded terms obtained from Entrez Gene in second run and UMLS in third run  , are given a weight by Okapi the main retrieval component.The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both.For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati .In our system  , we focused on two kinds of information: free text information and UMLS concept information recognized by MetaMap. Most participants only focused on the free text of target document collection and employed the basic pseudo-relevance feedback model as well as straightforward re-ranking strategies.The significance of this work is that it is possible to conduct semantic matching in the medical domain  , we have shown this with the use of one background resource which is the UMLS. We will also test our algorithm on different datasets with varying degrees of overlap.However  , creating and maintaining the knowledge bases requires enormous work. In the past  , researchers in biomedicine have already constructed large scale of databases such as UMLS 1  , Gene Ontology 2  , SwissProt 3  , GenBank 4  , DIP 5  , SNOMED 6  , and LocusLink 7 etc.  , which are useful for researches to capture and organize information.To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus.From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA.JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented.We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents.The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query.This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred.Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts.have corresponding entities as source or target. In the context of the set of disease and symptom entities only the mappings UMLS CUI and LOOM from BioPortal are relevant  , i.e.