Examples of popular toolbars include those affiliated with search engines e.g . The parameters were trained on the TREC Confusion Track collection and tested on the TREC legal IIT CDIP 1.0 dataset . The background knowledge we have exploited is given through an ontology like Wordnet . Europeana hosts millions of books , paintings , films , museum objects and archival records that have been digitised throughout Europe . We built an RDF KB using the CrunchBase API and integrated owl : sameAs-relations to the corresponding entities in DBpedia . These social roles were confirmed against their true roles in Enron . The accuracy is slightly higher when τ is 8 than 4 . The TREC-9 main web track used a 10.3 gigabyte subset of the spidering named WT10g chosen to include a signiicant n umberof inter-server links . The current COREL system is small . We found that with these parameters , the average chunk length on gov2 for docId sequences is 231 and for frequencies 466 . In particular , we find out that both query and search session distributions show different behaviors . We used the EachMovie 1 data set of movie ratings to evaluate our approach . A very good example is census data or customer history files . It is because we got little avaliable anchor string set . We use the publicly available MovieLens dataset available at http : www.grouplens.orgnode73 . The FaceBook data set was created from crawling the FaceBook web site for a medium sized university in Michigan . The University of California San Francisco UCSF Library , with support from the American Legacy Foundation , has created a permanent repository , the Legacy Tobacco Documents Library LTDL , for tobacco documents Schmidt , Butter & Rider 2002 in order to assure continued availability of these materials . Through the friends interface , Digg allows users to track friends ' activities e.g . Flow : Flow denotes all packets that are grouped under the five tuple < source ip , destination ip , source port , destination port , protocol > . Yelp similarity hypothesis . #### Once these enhancements are in place , i.e . From the music domain , we chose the Jamendo 9 dataset . The IIT CDIP project subsequently reformatted the metadata and OCR , combined the metadata with a slightly different version obtained from UCSF in July 2005 , and discarded some documents with formatting problems , to produce the IIT CDIP 1.0 collection 8 . UniProt provides a dump over 10 GB in size , compressed . Note that the Foursquare data set provides the check-in frequencies of users to POIs and the Yelp data set offers the ratings of users on POIs . They find the photo of Janice 's birthday celebration on her Flickr account , on Fred 's Flickr account , and on Vivienne 's blog . Clean up documents : TA opined that any document about clean up effort of oilgas related to Enron would be responsive . The middle column Facebook-Facebook shows the AUC values when we trained and tested on the Facebook dataset . Here every image is represented by a 67-dimensional feature vector , which involves color , texture and shape features . Second , we note that PQE is , overall , the best-performing parameterized retrieval method . Table 4shows the probabilities involved , derived from counting data in the gov2 collection . AvICTF gov2 and AvICTF Wiki are the values of AvICTF on . This corpus includes 14 cases with buffer overflows and 12 cases without overflows 17. , 2003 . The use of metadata of real and recent books until March 2009 from AmazonLibraryThing was pointed out positively . For example , over a three-month period of time at eBay , each buyer on average made 17.31 bids and won 5.63 of them . Then we investigate the Enron email corpus that was made public by the U. S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC during its investigation of the Enron corporation . To evaluate the quality of the information extracted , we may use as ground truth structured information already present in expert communities such as MusicBrainz or well annotated music repositories . In judgment-based planning , requirements were insufficiently described , requirement interdependencies were not clarified , and effort estimates arrived late and were inaccurate . The first two are extracted from the public Yelp tip dataset 4 . For example , in our Windows Live Product Search project http : products.live.com , we automatically extract a large set of product objects from Web data sources 38 , when users search for a specific product , one can acquire a list of relevant product objects with clear information such as name , image , price , and features . The results on MovieLens , EachMovie and Netflix data sets are reported in Table 2 , Table 3and Table 4 , respectively . The corresponding MeSH headings were extracted for each article . , the specific categories of all candidates from Yelp manually See Table 4 . Given a text snippet Amazon 1-800-201-7575 eBay , the phone number is more likely to associate with Amazon than eBay . PubMed contains more citations than the Medline database covering the in-progress Medline citations , out of scope citations , Ahead of Print citations , and NCBI bookshelf citations . The first is that criminals often create phishing sites by copying and then modifying a legitimate site 's web pages so that personal information is redirected to the criminals rather than to the legitimate site . A judgment pool constructed by MQ . Also , Flixster settles 3 topics on AIR , and 10 on TIC . ZL independently acquired the dataset from Lockheed Systems formerly Aspen Systems who captured and maintain the dataset on behalf of FERC . Below we will use Libra http : libra.msra.cn , a working scientific Web search engine we have built to motivate the need for objectlevel Web search and its advantages and challenges over existing search engines . We used only the news collections on Tipster disks 4 and 5 . Here , we visualize the user interest profile obtained from the RTM model over time . For the ClueWeb settings , the correlation between ClueB and ClueBF was high 0.83 while that for other pairs of settings was lower than 0.5 . Both scales are logarithmic . Recently , several model-based approaches have been developed specifically for binary feedback 13 , 20 , however results on CF challenges have shown that these models do n't perform as well as neighbor-based approaches . We have already tested the last two methods on a 3-dimensional fuzzy data cube . Slashdot 1 is a technology news platform where users can post and read other users ' news articles and comments 9 . The searching procedure is as follows . This study examines the use of tags on CiteULike from three medical or biology journals JAMA , Proteins , and Journal of Molecular Biology indexed in Pubmed . What are the unique properties of the retaining-urls ? We found out that Virtuoso and Fuseki query the GeoNames endpoint for every single radioactivity observation , while Sesame is trying to download all triples that match the pattern from the remote endpoint . to textual data for clustering of social media documents e.g . Last year , for TREC-9 , we wrote a custom text reader called cTREC to handle expansion of the library files of WT10g collection and to make a few conversions to the HTML format , described in 10 . Category and mimetype are categorical features while rest all are numeric features . For these queries BitMat was upto 3 orders of magnitude faster than RDF- 3X and MonetDB due to its way of producing join results without materializing the intermediate join tables . The detailed description of this approach is clearly beyond the scope of this paper . One possible explanation for these observations is provided . We have demonstrated how reduced sampling results in a computation reduction over fully sampling an image . The file size is approximately 1 TB , which is 10 times the size of the NTCIR-34 collection . CiteSeer logs as many as 30 corrections per day . On publication search , 11 describes the CiteSeer system . The arguments followed four lines , from principled to wholly pragmatic : 1 Archiving Facebook is a project for social good ; 2 Facebook content is in the public domain anyway ; 3 Facebook content is ultimately harmless and trivial ; or 4 We are powerless to prevent this , so why worry about it . Note that the rating action is a general term and includes the real valued item ratings in Epinions and Flixster and binary rating values such as joining a community in Facebook and LiveJournal or adding a photo to your favorite list in Flickr . All evaluations on SPEC CPU2006 are exercised with the ref reference input set . Simulating bought ratings We also simulate the buying of ratings by malicious businesses in Yelp . S census information respectively . Table 2 shows the statistics of the data sets and Figure 5depicts the distribution of POIs over the world from Foursquare while the greater Phoenix , Arizona , USA from Yelp . So far , however , the search for useful quality indicators and quality functions in bioinformatics has hardly been systematic ; one notable exception is an investigation into the consistency of functional annotations in the Uniprot 9 database . Voorhees 16 first exploits WordNet for query expansion . The Enron data set is a collection of email messages exchanged among 149 executives at Enron . In other words , if a user is cold start in one genre but active in another genre , heshe is actually not a cold-start user and hisher ratings in the active context happen to faithfully capture his behavior in the a Rating They then suggested 28 queries related to the books they tagged . Throughout this study we use four medium to large-scale user-item consumption datasets from various domains : 1 taste profile subset TPS of the million song dataset 1 ; 2 scientific articles data from arXiv 5 ; 3 user bookmarks from Mendeley 6 ; and 4 check-in data from the Gowalla dataset 4 . Due to the different focus on information granularity , its language retrieval model is very different from ours . The English Retrieval subtask intended the invalidity search targeting US patents . In previous works 14 , 9 we have constructed a mathematical model of the dynamics of social voting on Digg that takes social influence into account . GeoNames , being a multilingual gazetteer , contains alternate names and the number of names can indicate the place 's renown . Settings used : the Krovetz stemmer , Dirichlet prior smoothing with µ = 1500 . Smith 30 compared folksonomies in LibraryThing 20 and Library of Congress Subject Headings LCSH 19 and discussed the advantages and disadvantages of each . We presented three main technology contributions , integrated in the MediaWiki MathSearch extension . We now present the high-precision results on the above three testbeds . Link generation : In order to integrate identified proteins with UniProt database , links that follow linking rules of UniProt database are generated based on their accession numbers or names . Table 3also shows the average TPR at 1 % FPR for matching accounts from Flickr to Twitter and from Yelp to Twitter based on usernames . The data consists of the values for a set of 37 demographic variables for approximately 300 ,000 citizens . The Europeana service 1 is designed to increase access to digital content across Europe 's cultural organisations i.e . This evaluation dataset S consists of 280K queries uniformly sampled from the 27th day in the original raw Kaggle log for training and testing purposes . , Flickr images according to previously unknown real-life events . In addition to the WordNet database itself . Open data is an important part of the recent open government movement which aims towards more openness , transparency and efficiency in government . Triples is a large data set given within the SemanticWeb Challenge from a mashup of sources , whereas Uniprot RDF and U. S. Census are real-world RDF data sets of protein sequences and U . On the other hand , for UniProt Q11-Q13 , more than 90 % of the query processing time was spent in the initialization to load the BitMats associated with each triple pattern ref . In this paper , we described the NTCIR-3 Patent Retrieval Collection and comparative experiments performed using this collection . The figures reveal that a large portion of users in Epinions trust community has relatively small MAD and RMSD values , which implies that users ' social peers are relatively more consistent in Epinions trust community . Figure 2shows example images from the Corel dataset and from the personal image collection . Because of the rapid accumulation of genome sequences for many organisms , currently research attention is turning to the identification and functions of proteins encoded by these genomes . We also experiment with n-grams n=1 ,2 ,3 derived from individual Facebook page names , e.g . We claim that the social networks on Flickr facilitate new ways of interacting with information—what we call social browsing . We then used Clueweb 's URL-DocId mapping to find urls of target entities present in Clueweb dataset and present corresponding DocID as final results . Comparison with edge recommendation heuristics . The collection to be searched in the Batch task was the same document collection as the 2006–2008 Legal Tracks , the IIT Complex Document Information Processing CDIP Test Collection , version 1.0 referred to here as IIT CDIP 1.0 which is based on scanned documents released under the tobacco Settlement Agreement MSA . ### Thus , Lv1-category is defined by classifying Lv2-category i.e . The next challenge concerns the data mappings between Freebase topics and properties , and Wikidata items and properties . These results show that purchase behavior strongly varies across genders . Wikipedia-100col-Kmeans ClueWeb-Wiki 100 collections were created from the Wikipedia dataset of the ClueWeb 13 . To investigate structural properties of Digg social network , we focus on the large weakly connected component WCC , structurally the most interesting part of a social network 20 . GOV2 collection , by mapping the . The most effective QE parameters are D = 40 , T = 10 ; however , the difference between the average precisions using D = 40 the best for NTCIR test topics and D = 30 the best for NTCIR and TREC 3 training topics is only 0.3 % . Therefore , we decided to map Boxer relations onto RDF WordNet class types in- stead . We did not use smaller clusters containing less than five documents because they tended to cause errors . Consequently , we set up the following configurations : Test User Sparsity Vary the number of items rated by test users in the observed set , e.g . However , it is about 100 times smaller in size and is subject to similar issues with Twitter text matching . We are also developing data sets for OCR , logo recognition , and other tasks . The work starts with downloading relevant data from UniProt database . The EachMovie dataset used was a subset of the original EachMovie including the ratings of 30 ,000 randomly selected users with 20 or more ratings 1 . Moreover , the algorithm should be resilient to gaming by the influential users . 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia , ranked by their relevance to the query . Wordnet assigns words of the English language to sets of synonyms called 'synsets ' . , we test on a 2×2 contingency ta- ble . To better understand the true noise influence on the probabilistic information Table IIFigure 2 . Websites like Amazon and eBay mean ecommerce . This information was used to populate the two versions of the Music Ontology . We also argue for metrics that , unlike typical accuracy metrics , evaluate recommenders based on their impact on user behavior . Europeana aims to develop a European digital library containing digitized material about the European scientific and cultural heritage . The participants could use these determinations and make mop-up submissions . It was chosen from the Machine Learning Repository at the University of California Irvine UCI 11 . Most surprisingly , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90 % regular . Epinions is a product review Web site with a very active user community . In our study , we used documents crawled from the Web by the CiteSeer 11 scientific literature digital library . Each movie has the title keyword information . We then aligned the Dutch part of the geographic part 953 concepts with a common ancestor Netherlands to the Dutch part of GeoNames using a basic label-match algorithm . Figure 1 : An illustration of user-generated content in website recommendation system . We evaluate our methods on the TREC GOV2 collection . We also thank the Wikimedia Foundation and the Wikipedia contributors , whose knowledgesharing philosophy made this work possible . The tags have similar frequencies 440 and 439 occurrences resp . Flickr is an image hosting website , where users can endorse an entity image by including it in their 'Favorites ' . However , even on this dataset with the sparsity of 99.87 % , ListCF can also achieve the best performance in NDCG @ 1 , with improvements of 2.56 % and 1.08 % over CoFiRank and ListRank-MF respectively . Speficically , the weights of tags that appear in the English part of GeoNames are boosted . Our primary strategy has been to track the starting area boundary lines and yard lines on the football field . We also evaluate DOUBLETAKE on 19 CC++ benchmarks from the SPEC CPU2006 benchmark suite . Word stemming was used to identify the variations of the same underlying root word both in Cora and BibServ . We present experimental results of our models with the Enron email corpus . In the case of Freebase and DBpedia , we utilize the fact that many Freebase concepts have mappings to DBpedia , which in turn are practically all mapped to Wikipedia articles . The following relations exist between nodes of the same type : , for example , a user subscribing to another user 's content e.g . Instead , bids from bookmark and sniping services increasing intensely in the last minute . A common solution is to apply IE and II techniques to acquire structures from raw community data pages , as we do here . In this paper we present our own re-invention of CiteSeer , currently named CiteSeer Plus . The GOV2 collection was partitioned into host-name subcollections and the largest collections were distributed to multiple remote machines . We obtained the Flixster dataset from Goyal et al 's work 18 , 10 . Section 2 describes background on Digg and measurement methodology . 2010 on the interplay of the social and semantic components of social media on Flickr and Last.fm . Gazetiki is especially useful for regions of the world , like England , Russia , and Romania , in which cases the description of tourist attractions is not yet detailed in existing resources like Geonames . It is worthwhile to note that there are also various other metadata that can be extracted from Yelp which can be used in detecting fake reviews . However , in BingQ , questions were collected from search engine logs and the knowledge required to answer them does not necessarily exist in Freebase . There are nearly no constraints left for the Consolidate step . SearchServer used an inmemory approximate search index to substantially reduce the time needed to find the close matches . Hence , the evaluation results on Geonames are very low with 0.472 precision , 0.4 recall , and 0.324 F-measure . Table 1shows the overview of patent documents in the NTCIR-3 Patent Retrieval Collection . Real applications : We also ran DOUBLETAKE with a variety of applications with known or implanted errors see Table 3 . However , methods heavily dependent on WordNet frequently get poor results for accuracy due to the fact that many of the tags from collaborative tagging system do not exist in WordNet . Documents should include handwritten text and notations , diverse fonts , and elements such as graphs , tables , photos , logos , and diagrams . The collection statistics are shown in Table 1 . Then the categorization accuracy Acc is calculated as RCV V SN . Existing Europeana objects can be retrieved for inclusion in a UoW via a query issued to Europeana . The next step in this research project will be to expand the number of CONCEPTS so that more articles .of the Civil Code can be indexed . In this paper , we study the resale market from data obtained from a leading online marketplace vendor , i.e . Note that here we suppose the ultimate goal of our algorithms is to compute the top-N recommended items for all users . Figure 9 shows a small sampling of hand-picked dependency relationships from the census data . Sina Weibo allows up to 140 Chinese characters per post , which means that one Sina Weibo message could contain more information than in Twitter . These methods imply the necessity of a standardized approach for mapping , aggregating and publishing the metadata for Europeana in the full respect of its standards and requirements . Figure 2shows the precision-recall curves of time-aware SCAP , time-unaware SCAP , time-aware feature sampling , and time-unaware feature sampling methods on tweets and Enron datasets . NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents , which are used as the source and target language corpora , respectively . The current Citeseer X algorithm search engine only retrieves pseudo-codes based on textual similarities between user queries and pseudo-codes . In Europe , similar projects are undertaken under the umbrella of the European Commission , which funds the Europeana portal . The methods or systems of NTCIR-11 Math-2 Task participants are summarized in Table 1. on the Twitter messages . Our analysis was based on time series that were collected from Google Insights , Delicious , Digg , and StumbleUpon . Our results indicate that while users may have a low agreement with the entire group , a user may have a significantly higher agreement with a subset of the social network . For experiments , several real-world datasets were taken from the UCI repository 6 . To respond to this threat , software vendors and companies have released a variety of anti-phishing toolbars . If a message of type CR is received , a variable CR-RCV , shared with the transmitting service , is set . The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries . This is expected behavior , since the application connects to a platform for finding and sharing new music , and it allows to record music that users produce . Facebook users may want to be more discreet in sharing opinions with these friends . However , considering the few word usage contexts provided by WordNet , the word sense disambiguation effect is quite limited . We have been developing another object-level vertical search system call Libra Academic Search http : libra.msra.cn to help researchers and students locate information for scientific papers , authors , conferences , and journals . This dataset contains 50895 messages belonging to the company employers 18 and due to its huge size it is not adequate for our preliminary study . We intend to verify the improvements obtained using the proposed methods on a larger and more challenging data set like TREC Video dataset 21 . The last.fm dataset has an average cluster size of 25.58 pictures . 2shows the recall . MusicBrainz , the community maintained music metadata service , provides such web identifiers . As the largest online marketplace , the distribution of eBay items follows the long tail theory . Our second research questions was : Which data sources i.e . GOV2 is a collection of web pages from within the .gov domain spidered in early 2004. , medical research databases e.g . To this end , the ASSETS back end component implements an Application Programming Interface API for creating , storing and manipulating UGC Units of Work , and for submitting these Units of Work to Europeana , in the form of Europeana Submission Information Packages SIPs . CBA reflects the latest development trends of life sciences and bio-medical researches in China . Key concepts are structurally similar to noun phrases and thus present similar problems for utilizing them . We firstly compare our proposed method EMR with MR , FMR and baseline on COREL database without relevance feedback . Tagommenders might prove a way to meet that desire . In the context of the rapidly growing social networks e.g . For example , on ClueWeb , RTree improves QL+SubQL by 17.5 % and 27.5 % with respect to MAP and NDCG10 , respectively . The idea grew out of our work on the LIBRA methodology , which is a set of techniques for fostering reuse-oriented knowledge sharing between people Bailin et al , 2000 . Three different evaluation metrics are used : the mean average error , zero-one test error , and the expected rank utility metric of 2 . For example , Washington DC was referred by DC , Dist . In addition to these interfaces , Digg also allows users to view the most popular stories from the previous day , week , month , or a year . The median effectiveness was more stable when changing the CSI size than with Gov2 . While CiteSeer-API turns CiteSeer-like niche search engines into actual web-services , it still requires developers to have an understanding of the service in order to make use of it . , low t values overall tag stabilization can be observed for Delicious and LibraryThing which both encourage imitation behavior by suggesting previously assigned tags see Delicious and by making previously assigned tags visible during the tagging process see LibraryThing . Figure 2gives a For normalization , MultiNMF proposes to use L1-whole , which is sensitive to vector length . Because the above items a and b were proposed in this paper , our contribution improved MRR from 0.590 ADM to 0.606 AAM and 0.612 AAMS for NTCIR-4 , and from 0.675 ADM to 0.691 AAMAAMS for NTCIR-5 . Second , we prefer query term analysis over Flickr tag analysis due to the nature of image search , which tends to be broader than Flickr . 2 , where the overall method is depicted , WordNet plays the role of an intermediate . Links are attached with Chinese protein names in search results and users can click these links to access relevant protein information in UniProt database . The set of users U are individuals , a playlist , or a browser session as described next . What we call complex document information processing CDIP therefore requires combining evidence from document structure analysis , optical character recognition , signature and logo recognition , authorship attribution , named entity recognition , and other component technologies to accomplish information retrieval IR and data mining tasks . It is closest in speed and space requirements to singular value decomposition , but has a large accuracy advantage about 10 % on EachMovie data over SVD . To cope with the full 426 GiB GOV2 collection , we involve several big-data tools . We propose several language models for Web object retrieval , namely an unstructured object retrieval model , a structured object retrieval model , and a hybrid model with both structured and unstructured retrieval features . We chose PD because we had a reasonably fast working offline version , and the algorithm has been shown to be more accurate than standard correlation methods on EachMovie and ResearchIndex data 18 . These proteins are annotated with GO terms separated into the GO hierarchies of biological process BP , molecular function MF , and cellular component CC . The prediction is calculated by the following formula : Further on , we have utilized GeoNames as a worldwide geographical knowledge base . However , working with this data can still be a challenge ; often it is provided in a haphazard way , driven by practicalities within the producing government agency , and not by the needs of the information user . Enron emails : This data was originally published by the FERC during its investigations 2 . Throughout the migration , we have gained deep insights into both Wikidata and Freebase , and share and discuss detailed statistics on both knowledge bases . GOV2 is a much larger Web collection composed of high quality pages crawled from the .gov domain . CiteSeer , a third option , was the first digital library in the Computer Science field that indexed and connected citations automatically . We observed 2.5 million Flickr users and 33 million links , an estimated 25 % of the entire Flickr network . Researchers found statistically significant correlation between early and late popularity of content on Slashdot 11 , Digg and YouTube 22 . The eBay site does not offer the possibility to formulate such complex queries . Collective inference is clearly useful , except for AUC on venues , where the results are inconclusive . Finally , we specify a hypothesis that believes that successive tracks listened to on Last.fm are close regarding their original publication date e.g . Table 2 compares the scaling exponent of different degree distributions for both Epinions and Flickr . Standard machine learning datasets are not useful as they have no collaborative information , so researchers have typically taken a CF dataset and grafted content onto it from the outside . We thus use terms like synset or lexical concept , or semantic element , sense and synonym , under the meaning they assume in WordNet-like lexical data- bases . We applied the two proposed algorithms to the EachMovie data matrix of size 74 , 424 × 1 , 648 users × movies and the Netflix data matrix of size 480 , 189 × 17 , 770 , the two largest public benchmarks to date . For instance , we divided the census question about marital status into several boolean items : MARRIED , DIVORCED , SEPARATED , WIDOWED , NEVER-MARRIED.~ Every individual has 4The census actually has a choice , Never married or under 15 years old . The experiments are made upon some data sets of UCI machine learning repository 19 . As of July 2004 CiteSeer has been continuously crawling the web to find new content using user submissions , conference , and journal URLs as entry points . On the other hand , we find pages of uniform format usually share a common URL pattern . SEAL has an interface for querying the Google API to collect the documents in which seeds co-occur . This work showed that the distributions of bloggers that provided location information on different platforms specifically Microsoft 's Spaces and Google 's Blogspot were very different . The Illinois Institute of Technology Complex Document Information Processing Test Collection , version 1.0 , referred to here as IIT CDIP 4 and informally in the TREC community as the tobacco collection is one such collection . The union of the largest 50 of 996 host‐name collections available in the experiment contains less than 10 % of the total documents in GOV2 so each MQ topic search was restricted to about a tenth of the GOV2 collection . The Cortex-1 system by Bederson3 periphery . Using the 168 navigational queries in NTCIR-4 and the 841 navigational queries in NTCIR-5 , we compared the MRR of the following retrieval methods . 3.1.1. , indicating the user 's digg frequency . The TREC 2014 Clinical Decision Support track challenged participants to retrieve articles from PubMed Central , an open-access subset of PubMed , given a short description of a patient case and an associated clinical question . CiteSeer servers have been brought to OAI-PMH compliance so that their metadata collection can be accessed by metadata harvesters 8 . A user can unilaterally declare and point to any other user as a friend in Flickr , i.e . Note that the answerers in this system are Sina Weibo users , not MoboQ users , and might not even be aware of the existence of MoboQ . While the TREC Enron Corpus had 104 custodians , we took a broader view and considered the number of custodians identified in other distributions of the Enron Corpus , namely the CMU Enron Corpus which is also based on the FERC release . Each article in Digg consists of a user id , its submission title , a brief description and the link to the interesting web page as shown in Figure 1 . However , the differences between AAM and AAMS were not significant for NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 . Libra collects Web information for all types of objects in the research literature including papers , authors , conferences , and journals . The information is complementary to WordNet which has its own hypernym relations in that a domain may include synsets of different syntactic categories and from different WordNet sub-hierarchies . YAGO represents an external ontology known as YAGO . The grey line denotes the relative volume of references to Enron . The only outlier is the Enron dataset , where ppjoin+ only produces modestly smaller candidate set than ppjoin . In the experiments on a small subset of the Movielens dataset , consisting of the ratings of 50 users on a total of 1084 movies , CNB mostly outperformed LD-CNB across a range of values of k , , especially when is large . Apart from these models , we take an information theoretic approach to find URLs containing the most information with respect to the user retention , and use these informative URLs to predict user retention . Table 7 shows the statistics of the users ' ratings after pre- processing . The resulting classification consists of 86 temporally sensitive queries . At present , DL systems provide a limited awareness both of an immediate social circle and of the wider enviroment . Of the verified matches , VIAF 's 811 results contain 778 distinct URIs , whilst the 300 results from MusicBrainz have 272 . Since Meij 's dataset is for C2W , the output of known systems must be adapted by taking only the annotations whose score is higher than a threshold . Mandala 98 investigate the problem of low performance improvement by using WordNet and tried to use automatically constructed thesaurus to compensate the insufficiency of information of WordNet . Nodes with high outdegree do not necessarily have high indegree . So he starts from flickr , and then sMash will show him a global view of all the mashupable paths around flickr , navigate him which way to go next and remind him what his mashup currently looks like by means of data flow preview . , the website no longer accepts edits and the MQL write API was retired . The largest gains for the migration can be achieved by extending the mapping to more Freebase topics . Weibo provides many similar features to Twitter : users have personal profiles , follow each other , and post 140-character tweets or weibos that may include retweets , @ mentions , and # hashtags . Scott and Matwin 10 proposed a new representation of text based on WordNet hypernyms . This again shrunk the original corpus as given in table 2 . The data set comprises 4 ,736 individuals including both Enron executive officers as well as individuals external to Enron but involved in communication , who sent 1 ,063 ,352 emails over the period 1998-2002 . The complete ARB was mined in 10 minutes , and even the Uniprot was mined in less than 90 minutes . Online Social Networks OSN such as Twitter 1 , Facebook 2 , and Sina Weibo 3 have become important sources of news . 23 used tags to identify users across social tagging systems such as Delicious , StumbleUpon and Flickr . Table 2describes fundamental information about these benchmark datasets . The number of distinct geographical places in EMO and ECOLM is quite limited – 24 and 124 respectively – and relatively uncontroversial in identity if not always in reliability of association , so alignment to VIAF and DBPedia could be carried out manually . We used the Flickr API to query for photos uploaded in 20 minutes time intervals . al 30 studied disambiguating entity mentions to Freebase , Jin et . 1 Using their Wayback Machine service , we downloaded page revisions since February 15th , 2004 , the end date of the GOV2 crawl . MINT Metadata Interoperability services 3 participates in aggregation , digitization , technology-enabling projects and initiatives for digital cultural heritage . Again , since the graphs for the original and truncated pseudo-qrels behave very similarly , the discrepancies between TREC and NTCIR are probably due to the choice of intents . These microblogging platforms include Twitter and Sina Weibo and are characterized by constrained post sizes e.g . In contrast , there is only one mode that arises on WT10G , . We emphasize here that : 1 while our study focus on leveraging information from a particular rich media sharing site , Flickr , the work is easily extensible to any other social repository , where uses can share semantically and geo-temporally tagged rich media ; 2 while we process the internal Yahoo ! Recently , other ACI-enabled search engines for scientific literature have been developed , including Google Scholar . We index the 25.2 million documents from the TREC GOV2 collection . In order to overcome these limitations , we clearly need to dig more into the understanding of tweets and hashtags . When Freebase was turned read-only on March 31 , 2015 , it counted more than 3 billion facts about almost 50 million entities . Besides synonym , hypernym , hyponym and gloss each word in WordNet has a derived form as well . For Gov2 and CluewebB these settings resulted in a CSI that was roughly as big as an average shard in the respective collection . A good test collection should cover the richness of inputs CDIP faces : a range of document formats , structures , lengths , and genres , manifested with varying print and imaging quality . Some apps were tagged as outliers because their behavior , although benign and clearly described , is just very uncommon for the clusters these applications belong to . Other parameters mentioned above are set the same as Epinions . We would like to highlight several interesting points : 1 . As an example , we test different database coverage threshold values on the Sonar data set from UCI Machine Learning Database Repository . Our task is to find links from Wikipedia pages to external web pages . Similar results are achieved for Flixster-dominant see Figures 11 and 10 . As conjectured in 19 , noisy web collections could be a more discriminative testbed for dependence models . Our QA system distinguishes itself from existing ones , in that it not only mines answers directly from the large-scale web resources , but also employs Freebase as a significant auxiliary to boost the performance . For each object class and image concept , only 50 images are labeled for classifier training . The disadvantage of the RCV relative to other systems is that this flexibility , combined with the use of a general purpose microcontroller , results in a slower system than what dedicated hardware can deliver . This is because , when a Facebook user shares a link to a website , Facebook will extract the website 's description and one image from the site directly . The snapshot of Flickr data we analyzed had the following characteristics . To encourage teams to jump into the data early , we may borrow from Kaggle by offering a web service that scores runs before the final submission deadline . The selection process was done in two steps : first , all records in the English language were selected from all Europeana data providers ; and second , a random selection of records was performed , balancing the number of records chosen across different providers . MovieLens users most commonly interact with tags through the search results screen Figure 2 and movie details screens Figure 3 . Semantic Web servers are likely to be experimental and not optimized for high load . We then tried to solve a binary prediction problem on the MovieLens movie rating dataset . Another column was provided for judges to cut-and-paste MeSH terms corresponding to relevant passage aspects . For EachMovie , we can get similar trends . Namely , we use the evaluation dataset provided by team pampampampam , the winner of the Personalized Web Search Challenge . The tagger recognizes 4 entity types : person , organization , location , and miscellaneous . With the suitable biomedical knowledge base extracted from PubMed and stored in RDF , as proposed in 19 , finding such associations can be accomplished with the use of regular path queries . In this paper we use the model to predict whether a newly submitted story will be promoted based on Digg users ' early reaction to it . The wine data set is a three-class pattern classification problem with 178 patterns and 13 continuous attributes . A Real Data : we used real data from the TIGER system of the U. S. Bureau of Census . Predicting user retention has several applications at StumbleUpon , such as email and notifications targeting . M1 algorithm with the subset of features that attains the best classification accuracy according to Table 5. , is also known to WordNet , but excluded . Overall , we extract 25 ,070 POS n-grams from WT10G with θ = 17 , 070 . The framework was also adapted to process the ClueWeb12 Contextual Suggestion sub-collection provided this year . A step function with t = 3s is used for Clue and Gov2 , and a step function with t = 100ms is used for Wt10g . For those users passionate in digging stories , however , they may exhibit a different pattern . 32 , Wikipedia , DBpedia and Freebase for ontology induction or entity extraction 8 ,21 ,35 . MusicMash2 then performed a batch process to retrieve information relating to each artist including other artists from MusicBrainz 18 , DBpedia 19 and Audioscrobbler 20 web services . The WT10g collection is about 10GByte in size and contains 1 ,692 ,096 webpages crawled in 1997 . Different from Epinions data , TopRec-S behaves better than MCoC and PMF-D this time . The Rerank method using clusters shows significant improvements over LM on all test collections . com have created a viable business as review portals , while part of the popularity and success of Amazon.com is attributed to their comprehensive user reviews . We believe that CiteSeer-API will simplify such taks by facilitating the integration of CiteSeer services in third party applications . LIBRA is a planar , three legged climbing robot , see Illinois Wikifier is about three times slower . Then detailed protein information and annotation can easily be obtained from UniProt database , such as protein sequences , sequence annotations , functional annotations , sequence blast , alignment and homologous analysis , etc . We present an illustration of how Ink Blots can be used to detect changes in genres on the publicly available Enron email corpus . First , we index the whole GOV2 collection with no special document or link structure indexed . Given a topic description , we created two sets of synonyms . For Facebook users , user content refers to Facebook statuses of the users . MINT is a web-based platform that supports workflows involving the ingestion , the manual mapping , the transformation and enrichment of metadata records . Note that the UCI repository contains two versions of the Mushroom database . Fourteen data sets were selected from the UCI Repository 11 . For distributed environment in a different problem setting , ClueWeb has been used in 15 . All the queries about author name , conferencejournal name , or year are removed . The density of the user-item matrix is : 100000 943 × 1682 = 6.30 % . To make up this sparseness problem , we need a different indexing terms extraction module . To address this problem , we developed a way to reduce the dimension of a feature vector using feature words extracted by analyzing the relationship between ratings and accompanying review comments . The European Commission is aware about the value of this cultural heritage and decided to make it more accessible to the public by supporting digitization of the cultural heritage and by financing the Europeana group projects . Tag Searches : Tag searches are textual searches for tags , or clicks on tag hyperlinks . As a reference , we also plot the effectiveness of Taily . There have been various attempts to use exploratory statistical techniques to help explore auction data sets . Finally , they are referenced using a geographic information system . Pipeline employees were mainly those from the Transwestern Pipeline Company , a division of Enron Transportation Services ETS . Data : The proposed RSS-ECOC method is validated on 24 multiclass datasets from the UCI machine learning repository 15 . Specifically , similar to our study , Szabo & Huber- man 22 predicted long-term popularity of stories on Digg . However , two available social networks that contain positive and negative links are Slashdot and Epinions . Related article suggestions provide an effective browsing tool for PubMed users , allowing them to navigate the document collection without explicitly issuing queries . We performed experiments on two data sets . Each of the chosen queries is likely to have at least one relevant document in the GOV2 collection because logs showed a clickthrough on one page captured by GOV2 . We consider all strings that are linked to the same Freebase ID with a name predicate as variants of the same entity . For instance , the mashup Focus View of YouTube Video aims to list YouTube videos of a certain category or tag . Interviews with Digg users 16 reveal that the top users might exploit their digging power to game the system . The LL+All method is also shown to be more robust than the LL method , in particular in the WT10g collection . The third approach , first explored in the synthesis phase of the k~ project 29 ,39 , has focused on the use of transformations as a representation for detailed knowledge about programming techniques PECOS 8 and on the use of analytic and heuristic techniques to find an efficient implementation within the space defined by the transformations LIBRA 37. the context of UGC , the ASSETS UGC server provides functionality to communicate with Europeana and with the UGC client . First , we change the status message for our Facebook account . Current semantic matching tools focus on discovering equivalence ≡ relationships , and less commonly less general ⊑ , more general ⊒ and disjointness ≢ relationships . 1299 unique articles were retrieved from Citeulike ; Medical Subject Headings MeSH were collected from Pubmed . Sparse FA was implemented using a simple EM recurrence , so that it adapts easily to user datasets that are continually being updated . Our experimental study provides interesting insights into the factors that drive SRNs . The data collection is the English subset of ClueWeb category A , which is ten times larger than last year . Access to Freebase is possible through an API , through a non-SPARQL structured query language , and as a complete dump of N-Triples . 2 Friends visit the same web page and share a link to that web page on Facebook , independently of one another . In particular , sniping is more likely to occur in markets where there are few bidders . This design takes advantage of the popularity and furious growth rate 5 of Weibo , which provides us with the confidence to foresee that microblogging users will be regularly available at any reasonably popular Point-of-Interest POI in the near future . Executives were considered as director level and higher . The provided TREC data includes full text descriptions of each document . Census data has categorical data that we divided into a number of boolean variables . So Global Information is more useful than WordNet , the dictionary manually made . As previously showed , citation features are among the most important ones for classification . HeteroMF outperforms CMF by 11 % in the rating context which is very impressive , compared to less than 2 % for the Epinions ' complete dataset . However , DOUBLETAKE detected a significant number of memory leaks in perlbench and gcc of SPEC CPU2006 , which we verified using Valgrind 's Memcheck tool . We first downloaded 150 random research papers in pdf or ps format from CiteSeer . The private sector has added value by offering TIGER data derivatives in common spatial data formats and enhanced data validation . An evaluation of the MG system was performed on a selected collection of metadata records from Europeana . We conclude that the hybrid model is the superior by taking into account the extraction errors at varying levels . However , NDPE still outperforms NPE in all dimensions as depicted in Figure 5 . The SOLR search engine accesses an index created with the subset of Europeana items already enriched offline within the PATHS project . Exact matches for each schema pair was manually crafted by several judges . Below is an example . Also , people are gaming Digg to get their stories e.g . Section 3 shows the test collection NTCIR-I used in the Workshop . The total number of ratings is 631 ,064 . GOV2 consists of 25.2 million documents with a total size of 426 GB . As shown in Section 4.2 , users digging more stories have higher indegree . The second field maintains the textual information taken from title , and tags of the original Flickr image . The results show that , in general , bidders pay higher prices to sellers with higher reputation . The tag networks needed for the proposed methods are generated from the on-line Flickr folksonomy via Flickr APIs . For brevity , we present detailed results on only 4 graphs given in Tab . The wide range of document genres including letters , memos , budgets , reports , agendas , minutes , plans , transcripts , scientific articles , email , and many others and the large number of documents are very typical of legal discovery settings . This is from Reuters-21578 Text Categorization Collection in UCI KDD archive 22 . The above analysis shows that the proposed behaviors are quite discriminating . In addition to papers from Web databases , Libra also crawls papers which are in PDF format from the Web . The ratings pertaining to a certain seller or buyer are aggregated by eBay 's reputation system into a number reflecting seller or buyer trustworthiness as judged by the eBay community . Examples of applications of faceted metadata-search include : e-commerce e.g . We describe the community using data from the 2010 US Census to provide setting context , not because we claim that our sample is representative of this population . b EachMovie ListCF outperforms all of the comparison partners , including the pairwise ranking-oriented CF algorithms In comparison with all the other algorithms , the improvements of ListCF are more significant in terms of NDCG at higher positions . Data on Epinions and Dooyoo was provided as part of social recommender systems research 38 , including more than 200 thousand and 100 thousand rated products in Epinions and Dooyoo respectively . As to the active users , we vary the number of rated items provided by the active users from 5 , 10 , to 20 , and give the name Given5 , Given10 and Given20 , respectively . Among them , Enron , NyTimes and PubMed are bag-of-word datasets in the UCI repository 1 . Census data sets are collected periodically and will remain static for a relatively long period of time . The EachMovie data set is to our knowledge the largest publicly available data set for collaborative filtering and possesses the advantage of offering explicit user ratings . First , a comparison between Renren and Facebook shows that the two distributions diverge right after the first week , when Renren users begin forming friendships more quickly than their Facebook counterparts . 's work 17 on Digg , they transformed the prediction problem into one of classification tasks , using Digg-score as the popularity index , rather than the views . Schemes exist for classifying more detailed forms of relationships , these include Correspondence Patterns 5 , and the THALIA framework 10 . The news stories of Dataset2 are from the sports channel of SOHU http : sports.sohu.com on April 22 , 2007 . In such cases , page-level features may help . Each item is associated with relevant categories , from a fixed vocabulary provided by Yelp . Beyond traditional dependencies , logic programming is studied in 9 , 14 for fixing census data . The results on the workloads show that the proposed framework achieves the best accuracy permitted by staleness-based leak detection and improves upon it by additionally incorporating allocation context into input features of the trained model . This dataset comprises of two files . A user can browse Flickr via the links between these pages or go to the Explore page , which shows the 500 most interesting images uploaded on any given day . This was the first serious effort to produce a test collection for evaluating patent retrieval systems . 2 Sample Flickr pages from the user http : www.flickr.comphotosbombeador . Conversely , questions that required the user to identify relationships between multiple concepts , for example , Name three other genes involved in this process , were better answered using PubMed . The Hidden Web crawling on the PubMed Web site can be considered as topic-specific , due to the fact that all abstracts within PubMed are related to the fields of medicine and biology . It has been also successfully used in cross-domain contexts achieving a rapid and large application in many initiatives of the Europeana project group 4 . To ensure that participants did not alter their Facebook profiles as a result of being in the study , the profiles were saved onto a disc before making any mention of Facebook to the participants . We leave the analysis of the TREC runs using true relevance assessments for the NTCIR intents for future work . Archiving one 's personal Facebook data is also not currently possible . Thus , we get two additional experimental setups for ClueWeb : Clue09+SpRM and Clue10+SpRM . In particular , we use TreeTagger 3 for the POS tagging of WT10G . Other statistics of the Epinions user-item rating matrix is summarized in Table 5 . Three main observations can be made : 1 Compared to the randomized graph , Digg users ' diggs are indeed influenced by their friends , especially those with a small number of friends . Furthermore , unlike Twitter , Chinese microblogging sites normally support a large amount of verified accounts under their real name systems i.e . We next present the WordNet Union Algorithm to build CCO from WordNet by combining semantically similar nodes . We evaluated our algorithm on MovieLens dataset containing 100 ,000 ratings for 1 ,682 movies by 943 users , which is constructed from the popular MovieLens Site for recommending movies . For generating hypotheses , we consult the MusicBrainz musicbrainz.org API as described later . The first is a subset of emails from the Enron corpus 15 related to emails sent by a single person which spans 366 emails or 250K characters . This has its own challenges . Section 4 contains experimental results on problems from the UCI dataset . where : D w y = the distance the body of LIBRA travels toward the target Dlegi = the distance leg i travels toward the target P = power consumed d = 1 if the target or sub-goal is reached and 0 otherwise LP = length of plan S = Stability factor wi = weighting factor It awards plans that move the LIBRA 'S legs . The image database we used consists of 7 ,900 images of 79 semantic categories , from COREL data set . Figure 2.1 shows the effects of QE using WordNet hyponyms . The controlled one was taken in the studio with controlled environment ; while the uncontrolled images were taken at the outdoors , hallways or atria , with varying natural illumination conditions . We have collected a trace from the LibraryThing network , containing 25 ,295 actively tagging users 2 . Following their submission , all stories are displayed in the upcoming page in a reverse-chronological order . The University of California San Francisco UCSF Library , with support from the American Legacy Foundation , has created a permanent repository , the Legacy Tobacco Documents Library LTDL , for tobacco documents 9 . The randomized generation of training and test data is conducted by randomly subsampling rows of the ratings matrix for a given number of users . We decided to evaluate Gazetiki against an automatically created database TagMaps and a manually built thesaurus Geonames . The Corel netwinuer is very compad , offers many default interfaces , and it has a very low power-consumption . Section 5 includes a summary and the conclusions . Social Web 2.0 features have become a core element of many content-sharing websites . Flickr 9 , a popular photo-sharing Web site , enables users to tag their images with latitude and longitude and presents them on a map . 18 For example , Freebase holds data about 11.3 million musical recordings , 8.3 million music canonical versions , 2.6 million ISBNs , etc . We exploit Wikipedia and Panoramio , while the other database is constructed using Flickr data . First , the Enron dataset had more trie nodes due to its large number of distinct keywords in the emails . The underlying semantic relations are taken from the freely available community databases MusicMoz 4 and MusicBrainz 5 . While the NTCIR- 3 collection includes only informational search topics , the NTCIR-4 collection includes both informational and navigational search topics . Figure 5 shows the interest profiles of 2 users from the Epinions dataset . The results confirm that partitioning the indexes indeed pays off : compared to EF -optimal , EF single is 64.7 % larger on Gov2 and 23.1 % larger on ClueWeb09 . WT10G is a small , noisy , Web collection . Topic 403 is a topic primarily discussed between Enron employees , permitting a probability normalization superior to that of all other topics . An obvious difficulty in dealing with the Enron corpus is the lack of information regarding the former employees . Figure 2shows the same analyses against the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J Mainichi newspapers collection and Figure 3 , Patent test collection 1229 . Among these datasets , MovieLens-100K and MovieLens-1M are from the well-known MovieLens dataset . Each vector space is considered as a view . Finally , the geographic names location procedure was evaluated against the content of Geonames and the results show that a majority of items are situated within 200 meters from the Geonames coordinates with over 90 % within 1 kilometer . However , information needs of biologists , in some cases , are expressed as complex questions 89 , which PubMed is not designed to handle . ### 5For missing votes , we use a slightly negative vote . The full MEDLINE database contains over 14 million references dating back to 1966 and is updated on a daily basis . The dictionaries used are extracted from WordNet 3.0 14 and GNU Aspell 0.60.6 5 , here on referred to as WordNet and Aspell . For example , for the Facebook Android app , the app name is Facebook whereas the appid is com.facebook.katana . If we find a match for the Freebase URL in ClueWeb then we use it as the entity homepage , otherwise we use the highest ranked URL returned by the search engine that is found in ClueWeb . This project developed a comprehensive ontology , called the Europeana Data Model EDM and used it to standardize the data that each organization contributes . To better assess the influence of the friends on one 's diggs , we also compare the vote similarities obtained in Digg with those computed in a corresponding randomized graph , one with the same number of nodes and degree distribution but with friend links randomly selected . Three results are selected to show the effectiveness of the rotation perturbation approach . He manually searched through papers in PubMed 17 to establish a sequence of facts , supported by co-occurrence of significant terms in papers , that Magnesium may alleviate Migraine . The raw Enron corpus contains 619 ,446 messages belonging to 158 users with an average of 757 messages per user . However , recording audio is not one of the common features of Cluster 1 , and consequently SoundCloud was tagged as an anomaly . It is being used by a growing number of data providers including Europeana that align proprietary data structures to a variety of standard or aggregation-specific models , and in that way establish and maintain interoperability with aggregators and Europeana . Since all the instances of Geonames are from geographic domain , the Decision Table algorithm can not well distinguish different classes with these commonly used properties . We will next introduce the EXP-KL function used in our model and discuss its property . The EachMovie dataset was created by Compaq Equipment Corporation from a recommender site for movies that they ran . This dataset is the most recent one , reflecting a recent trend of extreme sparsity . We created a sparse term-document-author tripartite graph from the data . shows the best performance in all of our comparison algorithms , owing to both its adoption of sophisticated CF recommendation scheme based on the implicit retweeting interaction network and the incorporation of content-based features during the recommendation . The TimespentRetN and TimespentNon-RetN could not outperform the baseline , while the count based retained and non-retained models managed to give a small accuracy gain over the baseline . Last year , the NTCIR-11 Math-2 Task 1 developed an evaluation collection for mathematical formula search with the aim of facilitating and encouraging research in MIR and its related fields 1 . We collect a complete snapshot , including users ' profile , user 's rating , users ' friend list , and restaurants ' profile , from Yelp . Helping users to find the most interesting Digg articles tailored to each user 's own interests is very useful , but it is not an easy task to classify the submissions according to their topics so that the submitted articles are recommended differently to each user based on his own topic preference . We find that bidders place multiple bids 29 percent of the time . Freebase data is published as an N-Triples dump in RDF 6 under the Creative Commons CC-BY license . The remaining independent variables were collected from the Flickr system . Keyword search in PubMed is effective if the query is well-crafted by the users using their expertise . Twitter is a social networking and micro blogging service where users communicate by short text messages up to 140 characters called 5 http : www.cs.cmu.edu enron Table 2 : Topics extracted from Enron 'tweets ' . To evaluate the presented approach we used pattern sets from five UCI itemset mining tasks , harvested using an APRIORI implementation 1 with different minimum support thresholds . The IIT CDIP 1.0 collection is based on a snapshot , Simply opening up government data on the Web does not guarantee the data will be ready for mashups . An expansion method , named Short Expansion SE , can be used to expand queries andor documents . Flickr allows authorized users to add comments to private and family photos ; for public photos , all users are allowed to comment . However , the methods presented here can be easily extended to other settings such as Youtube and Netflix assuming the user ratings and timespent data can be collected on these platforms . Yelp is a social network in which users can evaluate and post reviews about local businesses . Facebook Categories F. Temporal Information Access Temporalia 1 tasks hosted at NTCIR-11 5 and NTCIR-12 6 aimed to fill in this gap . It is worth noting that the improvements on MRR for the WT10g collection can be above 40 % , and on MAP for the WT10g collection can be above 15 % . We used the paired t-test for statistical testing , which investigates whether the difference in performance is meaningful or simply because of chance 8 , 10 . We crawl 32 ,132 comments written on 11 ,130 photos on Flickr Commons . Freebase is a collection of entities gathered from multiple structured data sources , i.e . WordNet 3.0 has slightly more 117 ,657 concepts with 206 ,976 labels . The EachMovie dataset described later , which contains only 3 % of the possible ratings , is considered a dense dataset . 30 patient cases were provided , as well as a data set of over 700 ,000 full-text articles from PubMed Central . Music . The second paper by Tan et al . In particular , there are a number of users who subscribe to Web 2.0 sites and dynamically generated RSS feeds over customized queries . On WebQ , WikiTables can provide better results than AllTables , partly because of the strong connection between Freebase and Wikipedia , i.e . 31 demonstrated the potential of Youtube user comments to annotate videos by incorporating comments into the search index , which yielded up to a 15 % increase in search accuracy . #### By combining each measure , we could apply our method to more queries and increase precision and recall . We made use of the English portion of the Clueweb A document collection . Our techniques are used in production at Facebook to maintain the Facebook Places database . As an initial small step in this direction , we helped the KBP organizers select a couple of the small town groups of KBA entities as the basis for the Cold Start input corpus . The concept of damage has associated with it several conceptual attributes that are represented in slots and incor~orated into a CONCEPT frame . This enables retrieval systems to find more relevant entities , but potentially mixed with more irrelevant ones . For instance , a phishing site in Fig.1claims to be eBay , while actually its true identity is a phishing domain ovmu98yn1xcy13281mz1.com . A ranking algorithm is subsequently trained based on such features to rank correct answers as top choices . Our work hinges upon the existence of lexical relations in the WordNet . It contains 6 , 910 , 192 metadata records from US tobacco companies ; 6 , 794 , 895 of the records included document text of varying quality from an optical character reader . Accordingly , the system will become more powerful and robust : more simultaneous transactions can be supported ; and tasks like system monitoring and logging will be faciliated . This prototype addresses the weakness of the scientific literature digital library CiteSeer , in supporting users in finding out activities and relationships of community members . More features can also be annotated if necessary . Duplicate venues were discarded . Consider the case when Epinions is the target network . Here , the pre-specified clustering structure 'true ' clustering is given by the data 's class labels provided from the UCI repository . There are 8 categorical attributes and a binary class attribute representing the income levels ≤50K or > 50K . For this reason , we believe that interesting knowledge can be extracted from Europeana query log in order to build advanced assistance functionalities , such as query recommendation . , Citeseer , Rexa , Libra develop such solutions , often using sophisticated learning techniques 9 . Both the documents and queries were stoplisted and stemmed . Corel , there are none that are event photos from personal photo libraries . Regarding the inference process of LAKI , we run the Gibbs sampler for 5000 iterations per query . For all three datasets , the same data pre-processing and feature selection procedures are applied . For example , with increasing instances in source networks , the performance from Slashdot to Epinions improves . In Section 5 we test this algorithm on a variety of real-world data sets , including census data and text data . As in the past couple years , the document collection to be searched was the IIT Complex Document Information Processing IIT CDIP test collection 6. Last.fm , the largest social music platform on the internet , provides musicrelated services as well as social features . Story position depends on the details of Digg user interface . This material tends to lower the quality of summaries and slow down summary generation . Since hundreds of stories are submitted every hour , users do not read them all . The key idea in those approaches is to identify , in the possibly short input text , meaningful sequences of terms also called mentions and link them to unambiguous entities pages drawn from Wikipedia . Three real-world data sets from the UCI machine learning repository are used in our experiments . Each file contains around 100–300 JSON documents of the same type , and is serialized with Apache Thrift and compressed with XZ Utils . For instance , the attribute national anthem is associated to a synset situated at the internal offset 08544813 in WordNet 3.0 , which groups together the synonymous phrases { country , state , land } and provides them with the definition the territory occupied by a nation . This effort focused on integrating information from the Allen Brain Atlas ABA with standard neuroscience data sources . In that case , the assessment of the tags would be based on a mechanism for automatic indexing of the digital objects , instead of an external content provider such Google Books . We could not use our method to them . This will allow us to generate processed images in real time and display them on color monitors . The goal of our work is to determine if there are large-scale , ordinated efforts to sway political discussion on Weibo , and if so , how many users are involved in this effort ? Thus , we used 1009 168 + 841 topics for the evaluation of the anchor-based retrieval model , and 127 47 + 80 informational topics and 168 navigational topics for the evaluation of the query classification . The choice is motivated by the fact that Movielens gives best performance and Netflix gives worst performance with CCLL among all the five datasets . In this paper , we provide an analysis of the collected logging and questionnaire data and point out challenges for the next run in 2010 . We selected Facebook in particular because of the availability of an open development platform 1 , and we built a Facebook application , which allowed our study subjects a set of Facebook users to exhaustively label their privacy preferences for all of their friends . Both gazetteers seem similar in terms of comprehensiveness . For any electronic format to be supported by CiteSeer , there must exist a converter for documents in that format to plain text . ListCF can outperform the model-based ranking-oriented algorithms under most conditions except NDCG @ 3 and NDCG @ 5 on group 20-50 of ListRank-MF . Several additional examples are presented in Figure 4 : another social network , Epinions , in Fig . The relative improvements on GOV2 collection are 16.82 % and 6.28 % over LM and RM , respectively . 6shows that the best number of subset queries used in the reformulation tree is inconsistent . These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power , as shown in Figure 13 . The data set represents the university course catalogues of 45 computer science departments around the world . Thirdly , another key observation we find through the experiments is that dissimilar user or item information can be used to further improve the recommender systems , as presented by the approaches SR u+− and SRi+− . When considering the source of dataset for a music system , there are two distinct sources : user generated content UGC where there is a network around that content e.g . To fully leverage the framework presented here , it is desirable to bring it into the context of the Semantic Web . By analyzing the correlation of users ' social links and their diggs , we show that : 1 Users digg more with increasing number of fans ; 2 Users digg more as the number of friends increases until reaching 200 friends . CF data is extremely sparse . Effects of using WordNet synonyms and coordinated words are shown in Table 2.1. where |U | is the cardinality of the set of users . In EigenRank and VSRank , the greedy aggregation method is used to aggregate the predicted pairwise preferences of items into total ranks . We also match each category name 's last word against existing concept names , but choose only the most frequent concepts to reduce errors introduced by this crude technique . Recommender systems such as Letizia 21 and Watson 4 suggest items to users based on inferences made about user interests gleaned from their task environment , recently-viewed Web pages or the contents of active desktop applications . For each of these names , we estimate the total number of each ethnicity by multiplying the number of people with the percentages above . Second , the extent to which they are aimed at providing recommended content and views into browsing trends are challenged by the lack of tightly organized , closed communities . The familiar English WordNet , in particular , encodes relations between words and concepts . The study focused on a subset of Pubmed biomedical documents available from NCBI Entrez portal www.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpubmed that were tagged from these social sites . Table 1shows the properties of the datasets . In March 2011 , the Hellenic Aggregator provided 130.000 items to Europeana . For the ROBUST newswire collection , the Resampling method shows slightly lower performance than RM . We used the TREC 2001 web ad-hoc topics numbered 501-550 . To recommend photostreams we slightly modify the original Flickr photo-focused interface , shown in Fig . The method failed to produce significant improvement over a weak baseline in MAP . The experiments and their results are briefly shown in Table 1 . From DBpedia and GeoNames , 1 ,000 test cases were randomly selected , on which the average running time of COMPSUMM was 24 ms per case . For example , in the EachMovie dataset , there are a total of 70 ,677 user-item pairs need to be predicted in the testing dataset in which the related users in the training dataset have rated 1 to 19 items . We follow the procedure below to perform our experi- ment : Our generative model includes two independent generative processes . Since Digg service provides us only the dug articles and does not provide the buried articles by users , we could not utilize the votes of thumbs down in our model . We fixed the learning rate for the gradient based updates to be ⌘ = 10 4 for MovieLens 1M and Yahoo ! Tags of all 1 ,000 Flickr images were manually translated . Based on the PopRank model , we have been developing Libra , an object-level Web search prototype , to help scientists and students locate research materials . This suggests that digg rate is influential to promotion . , its number of editions up to 2007 , and its submission rate , acceptance rate , and program committee member list for the 2005-2007 triennium editions . As a prominent example , ThinkBase 2 , a visualization interface for Freebase , displays a visual representation of the Freebase contents and its semantic relationships in the form of a network graph . Second , we study human trails over successive businesses reviewed by users on the reviewing platform Yelp . cuses on natural language question-answering over selected RDF datasets , DBpedia and MusicBrainz 14 . The CiteSeer module takes care of the download phase , converting and parsing each document . For the purpose of the TS track , the corpus of time-stamped documents is considered a stream and documents should be iterated over in temporal order . Our first observation is that , as expected , the performance is gradually improved i.e . Our approach of using features based on innocuous user activity should always work better than usernames for sites like Yelp , where users do not use their true identity . Therefore , we test the framework for urban area only . For the overwhelming majority of users , since they digg infrequently , most of them probably follow a read-then-digg pattern : Read an article first and then digg it if they like it . In other words , the items are bought and sold again both on eBay . Why not to implement IMPECS as a Facebook application . We have conducted the experiments on MovieLens and Netflix data . In the context of Flickr , time spent on a photo could be a good indicator of interest by the user . The local demand is largely affected by the social and economic factors in their neighborhoods . When a user accesses CiteSeer , a temporary cookie is set on the client side , if a cookie enabled browser is being used . But we are not saying that Yelp only uses features similar to what we have proposed . Explore page is meant to showcase the best images on Flickr . The average number of features per vector is 18.32 . It is a subset of manually selected images from the standard Corel image database and consists of 10 classes with 100 images each . Yelp is a business review site and has attracted 47 million reviews to local businesses since 2004. , see the stories friends recently submitted or voted for . A common requirement is that data from existing environmental databases e.g . Section 5 describes the performance experiments conducted using RDF data for WordNet and UniProt . To study the effectiveness of learning in the experiments that follow , our focus is on the F measure that combines both Precision and Recall . Indeed , we can see the effect of multiple contexts much better in this setting , as shown in our experiments . As a result , we collected 47 topics from the NTCIR-3 collection and 80 informational topics and 168 navigational topics from the NTCIR-4 collection , respectively , and a further 841 topics from the NTCIR-5 collection . Whenever the user views an abstract in PubMed e.g . property . For example , two popular social media systems , Twitter and Facebook , are strictly blocked in mainland China due to political concerns Wikipedia 2014 networks . As a second example , consider a conference management system such as Microsoft 's Conference Management Tool CMT . We would like to point out here that no special efforts were made in the construction of the Bayesian Network from WordNet nor did we attempt to fill in the desirable 'missing links ' between words or synsets in WordNet or remove spurious links in WordNet . Each collection on average has 144 documents with the smallest one having only 5 documents . Flixster.com is a social networking service in which users can rate movies and create a social network . For our experiments , we crawled from Libra bibliographic and citation data of papers appearing in conferences from six groups of the Perfil-CC list , namely : Machine Learning ML ; Databases , Information Retrieval , Digital Libraries , Data Mining DB ; Computational Biology BIO ; Human- Computer Interaction , Collaborative Systems HCI ; Networking , Distributed Systems , P2P Systems NT ; and Web , Multimedia and Hypermedia Systems WEB . Approximately five paragraphs were extracted from each ar- ticle . We summarize our findings as follows . We also note that the standard deviation in Yelp is generally larger than Last.fm , which we attribute to the larger performance gap in the single view clustering : the performance gap accuracy F1 in terms of k-means between the comment words and users view is 31.3 % 23.8 % ; in contrast , the largest gap in Last.fm between users and description views is 11.0 % 0.2 % . Two paradigms of CoNMF – pair-wise and cluster-wise – are then introduced . Overall , the structure of the data is extremely rich and still not well understood . Last.fm is a music discovery and recommendation website . We see that , on the whole , and except for NaiveBayes , the precision numbers are mostly higher than the recall numbers , and that the LM feature has a slightly negative impact on both recall and precision for the Decision tree learner . The publicized Netflix user-movie rating data , on the other hand , has 208.33 ratings on average for each user 3 , i.e . Binary files are not included as part of the collection , though were captured separately for use in judging . In this subsection , we report our experimental results on the different sets of experiments introduced in the previous subsection for both Flixster and Epinions . In order to get an idea of the coverage of the two knowledge bases , we have further created a spatio-temporal visualization of Freebase and Wikidata that is shown in Figure 8 . The pioneering LGD efforts in the U. S. and U. K. have shown that creating highquality Linked Data from raw data files requires considerable investment into reverse-engineering , documenting data elements , data clean-up , schema mapping , and instance matching 8 ,16 . 12 research teams used a wide variety of mostly automated techniques to search the IIT CDIP collection a complex collection of almost 7 million scanned documents and submit a total of 68 result sets of 25 ,000 top-ranked documents for each topic . There are about 100 million active users on eBay . The mass function not reported for space limitation fits a Gamma distribution that is less steep than the Gamma approximating eBay categories . The documents used in the track , the IIT Complex Document Information Processing CDIP Test Collection , contains nearly seven million business documents including correspondences , memos , publications , and regulations of tobacco products that are released under the Master Settlement Agreement MSA . In order to provide the Wikidata community with references for the facts in Freebase , we have reused data from the Google Knowledge Vault 9 . Obtaining access to the internal documents of large enterprises for research purposes is difficult , but ironically discovery proceedings in real legal cases provide one source of such material . 15 proposed an image tag suggestion tool based on mining of location tags from Flickr photos . In all experiments , the number of positive instances in the source network is set to 50 % n n is the number of negative instances in target network and the number of source negative instances is equal to 50 % target positive instances . For Last.fm Table 4 , top , NMF achieves the best performance most often . The Europeana server also provides an application for harvesting of data . that really matter , which is based on the feeds subscribed by all the users on Bloglines . The PlaceResolver uses the GeonamesClient component for searching in Geonames . This is a large amount of time invested in Digg unless we suspect the user of either not following the read-then-digg pattern e.g . We omit the details of the proofs due to space limitations . Furthermore , additional genome annotation details such as protein families and pathways reside in multiple specialized data sources such as UniProt protein sequences and functions , InterPro protein families and domains , COG clusters of orthologous genes , and KEGG pathway maps . Removing special characters , such as ' # ' and ' @ ' , and removing URLs , help the SNER to find location information more accurately . In contrast , performance decreases when transfer from Wikivote or Twitter networks . S contained all possible variants of any gene names found in the topic description , using EntrezGene , UniProt and OMIM as resources . Recently , leveraging user-contributed photo collections e.g . If the tag is 'caught ' using the mouse pointer during its journey left , it displays more Flickr photos with this tag . For our study we used click-stream logs from eBay . For example , Facebook posts carry timestamp information , and Facebook check-ins come with location information . Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods . In the Legal Discovery Track also known as the TREC Legal Track , the collection to be searched was the IIT Complex Document Information Processing IIT CDIP test collection 6 . In WordNet taxonomies , we use the word senses within a particular taxonomy to eliminate ambiguity . The Technical Chamber of Greece wants to contribute to Europeana collections that contain all their current publishing work TEE digital library , some historical editions , and their multimedia content on engineers , buildings and posters . Since ListCF is also a memory-based CF algorithm , a direct comparison of them will provide valuable and irreplaceable insights . To : and From : headers , as well as the message bodies , were altered to substitute the names and email addresses of Enron employees for those of the original recipients . We use the streamcorpus toolbox 4 to parse the files . In 2005 Petricek et al . StumbleUpon is an online content discovery service that serendipitously recommends content from the web to the user . where the sum is over the items on which both u and i voted , and a~ is the standard deviation of votes by user u on graphical models 3 , and boosting 6 . Flickr is extracted from the popular photo-sharing website www.flickr.com . Pubmed creates chunks from this query which represent entries in MeSH Johnston et al . The relative superiority between the two methods was almost the same for the NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 test collections . Flixster is a social network for rating movies . This left us with a total of 15 ,954 decisions . What treatment should the patient receive ? Note that the minimum individual contribution in MovieLens is 20 , as opposed to 1 for other data sets . Our CrunchBase RDF KB contains 16 ,706 entities of type organization and 26 ,468 entities of type person – in both cases with corresponding owl : sameAs-links to DBpedia . Sojourner is a live feed logging system which tracing the progress of each user session 's page view activities . The plugin is freely available for download at http : tinyurl.comicitedownload . However , for lack of a real golden standard , using Last.fm tags is still the best choice . We adopt GOV2-426 as the large dataset in our experiments . We created a collection based on a crawl of 2.7 million records from the book database of the online bookseller Amazon.com , consolidated with corresponding bibliographic records from the cooperative book cataloging web site LibraryThing . Thus , following previous work 5 , we have filtered out spam documents from the collections . As the crosswalk files specified the PubMed ID for each document , we used the PubMed 2 search engine to acquire the MEDLINE records for all the documents . 5 empirically show that the segmentation of the eBay marketplace affects bidding behavior . In summary , a the anchor text model , b the smoothing method using automatically extracted synonyms , and c a combination of the anchor-based and content-based retrieval models were independently effective in improving the accuracy of navigational Web retrieval . Taxonomies play two essential roles in online search engines . To minimize the error that inevitably occurs in measuring Flickr and Foursquare activity measurement error , we borrow measurement procedures from the literature 7 , 39 . We execute an initial study with data drawn from Last.fm , a music listening and sharing site . Table 1shows the number of keywords extracted from the NTCIR corpora . the system , using string algorithms over WordNet synonyms , discovers the following terms as possible candidate mappings for investigators : researcher , KMi-researchers , research-worker , research-area . The Data-gov project 1 investigates the role of semantic web technologies , especially linked data , in producing , enhancing and utilizing government data published on Data.gov and other websites . In addition , the UGC Server maintains the ASSETS Media Object Repository AMOR , implementing OAI-PMH functionality to allow Europeana to harvest SIPs . Newly created objects , which are called UGC objects . The eBay scoring function is a summation of positive +1 , neutral 0 , and negative −1 feedback values used for the online auction site . In the case of movies , for example , researchers might supplement EachMovie with information from the Internet Movie Database http : www.imdb.com . GeoNames is a gazetteer that collects both spatial and thematic information for various place names around the world . In general , though , we expect the two attributes to be correlated . The Digg dataset is public for research interests and can be downloaded at http : www.infochimps.comdatasetsdiggcom-data-set . We provide results from Google Sets and SEAL as comparisons . It is also noticeable that strong correlations between citation metrics and other metrics are very rare . Indeed , it is expected that every UGC task will be supported by a different final user interface . 5 . FM is a music streaming service that aggregates data from various forms of digital music consumption , ranging from desktopmobile media players to other streaming services . Figure 1compares the half-life of job advertisements posted on Facebook users ' walls and organizations ' Facebook pages ; it reveals that the half-life of job posts on Facebook users ' walls is very short about 4 h compared to the half-life of those posted on organizations ' Facebook pages more than 96 h. We call half-life of job ads , the number of hours after its post on a social network required to get the half of the total number of clicks it obtained . Average clarity of top-20 = 9.6 . This collection contains newswire documents from 1987 . Following a recent line of research , we augment the TF-IDF vector space model with new semantic dimensions based upon entities drawn from Wikipedia or other knowledge bases see , among the others , Suchanek and Weikum 2013 ; Meij , Balog , and Odijk 2014 . Retrieval Times . To answer our research questions , we use data from MovieLens 1 . These images total 160 ,000 are classified into 15 pre-defined classes of semantic concepts and one additional category for outliers . , by xc1 and x , , via ue ; and uci respectively . CiteSeer extracts metadata items using customized regular expressions . Obtaining the URLs : The Yelp API provides only the Yelp URLs . We preprocessed the Enron email dataset by removing the common stop words . The regularity of HTML allowed us to extract additional information Flickr 4 is a Web application allowing users to upload and share their photos on the Web . Another example is Wikidata , a collaborative knowledge base developed by Wikimedia Deutschland since 2012 and operated by the Wikimedia Foundation . We also used real life dataset 'nursery ' in the UCI ML Repository 1 . Instead of using human experts to identify relevant music , Last.fm uses CF to generate recommendations . Note that the bars for the LibraryThing baseline experiment have been cut at 350 ,000 . A more detailed description of the test environment and the experiments performed can be found in the appendix of BK94 . As can be seen in Last.fm , the original MultiNMF does not perform well , but that applying item-based L2 norm before L1- whole works better . Flickr employs various means for its users to geo-reference or , geotag their photographs – most prominently , Flickr supplies a map interface through which users can drag their photos to the map locations where the photos were taken . In the Sixth NTCIR Workshop NTCIR-6 , the Patent Retrieval Task was organized and three subtasks were performed ; Japanese Retrieval , English Retrieval , and Classifi- cation 3 1 . Although we report statistics from only one data source , the data are purposely gathered from a representative sample of United States households 21 . Figure 1depicts the system structure of CBA . We validate that Iolaus does not adversely affect the rankings for honest users in absence of malicious behavior , and is able to defend against multiple identity and purchased-rating attacks when applied to Yelp . All the queries are listed in Appendix A . In fact , among the top-10 feature functions for the ClueWeb settings only two max-qsim and geoqsim are not based on a query-independent measure . We select the top 1000 users and the 200 most frequent keywords after simple stop-word removal and stemming from the email messages of 1 ,126 days in the Enron MYSQL database 22 . However , these approaches have a number of limitations : First , WordNet has limited coverage – WordNet focuses on the usages of common words which are rarely to be the representative words of a document , and is lack of an effective word sense disambiguation method -the description for different senses of a word is quite short . The GOV2 data comes in a regular file structure of 272 segments each containing 100 files . The parameters introduced in Eq . We evaluate this claim by studying the social news aggregator Digg , which allows users to submit and vote on news stories . In our experiments , we use the NTCIR-6 7 and NTCIR-7 8 Opinion Analysis datasets , containing judgements for 45 queries and 12 ,000 sentences . We determine the date of a track by using the Musicbrainz API and looking for the earliest release date available . We see from Figure 1that DfRes-Gigaword is ineffective on the WT10g collection , which is not in line with the results reported in 3 where the Gigaword was found to be an interesting source of expansion . We conduct top-5 recommendation on both of the Amazon and Yelp datasets . Because Flickr provides information about the exact timestamp when a user marked a photo as a favorite , this allowed us to recreate favorite marking events over the dynamically evolving social network graphs . We use the Yelp dataset that has been studied in Section 3.1 in our experiments . Accordingly , we collected the documents by those top authors in CiteSeer ranked by their numbers of documents . For these two specific cases , we map the Freebase properties describing sources , 5 expressed as CVTs , into Wikidata references on the appropriate claim . The basic functionalities of Sina Weibo are similar to those of Twitter 11 : messaging , re-posting , direct messageing , mention @ , hashtag # , and more . If the action is a rating action , the percentage of rating actions in which a new item is rated denoted by Φr ,4 also exhibits a power law-like distribution over the number of existing items for both Epinions and Flickr , as shown in figure 2b . The Europeana Cloud system , which from the end user point of view will look like SaaS cloud , should be also deployed in cloud environment , in order to be reliable , available , scalable and cost effective . Incremental bidding happens fairly frequently on eBay . The Resampling method significantly outperforms LM on all test collections , whereas RM does not significantly outperform LM on the WT10g collection . We conduct experiments on two benchmark datasets : Corel 5K and IAPR TC 12 . Experimental results on cold start users and inactive users show that CMF can not properly learn the latent factors for entities that have not expressed enough ratings in one context , but have many ratings in another context . Citation graphs are also much sparser ; in MovieLens , each reviewer has an average of 106 links to distinct movies , even though there is only a total of 1682 movies . These services are specific to CiteSeer and would provide value added if made available on the semantic web . Additionally , researchers have proposed theoretical models of how rumors and misinformation propagate in social networks and how their spread may be contained 32 , 1 . Last year , due to scale limitations of our system , we distributed the .gov2 data into 10 sub-collections and applied federated search over them 4 . In this section , we present the results of our experiment . The vector consists of 46 categories manually chosen from a pool of words in WordNet . As the Legal Track test collection we chose the IIT CDIP Test Collection , version 1.0 which we will refer to as IIT CDIP 1.0 which is based on documents released under the tobacco Master Settlement Agreement MSA . For the first time , we are able to run causality tests on real , large-scale data . We compare compression using bzip2 alone , RadixZip alone , and using RadixZip when passed a permutation from a predictor column from the same dataset . Only tweets with locations successfully geocoded , were used for location-based experiments . In detail , we used one toy dataset , four UCI datasets , and the FRGC dataset as our experimental testbeds . For instance , DBpedia and GeoNames provide descriptions of many common places but with different identifiers i.e . Differences in the user behaviour in respect to different types of working tasks could be observed . The testing was performed using 200 TREC topics over the TREC collection and 100 topics from the Web track of TREC over the WT10G collection . The data archive of the H. W. The results are for both Epinions and Flixster for the case that a context rating is dominated by another one social or trust . The scope of research on Flickr is rather broad and includes analyses of the Flickr browsing patterns , development of new interfaces , image recommendations and many others . For instance , it has a better coverage of the celebrity and entertainment business . It is possible that the articles with high Digg scores may be dug by many users simply because they have more chances to be displayed in Digg service , and the others have no chance of being voted for at all . The algorithm was tested with the subset of COREL Stock images that was used by Duygulu et al . If the query is positive , the links to the digitized items are displayed . The Multimedia Authoring Tool MMAT is the first step towards allowing the connection of digital collections with Europeana . What happened , however , was not a malicious attack but rather a Semantic Web crawler bringing down the site by rapid-firing requests to Geonames ' servers up to the point where the site 's infrastructure could not keep up . This need not lower the scores : AT & T found that Precision @ 10 scores were actually a little higher when they split WT100g into 20 tables in TREC-8 see 8 . Provenance and processing . While it may be too demanding to expect a substantial progress between just two rounds of NTCIR , the progress monitoring practice depicted in Figure 2is probably worth continuing and to apply it to other tasks . The EDOAL 6 language provides a method for describing more complicated correspondences , using an OWL-like syntax , and was developed in conjunction with correspondence patterns . The Porter stemmer was used to handle lexical variants . This result is striking since it suggests that imitation can not be the only factor which causes the stable patterns which arise when a large group of users tag a resource . The framework currently integrates a Search Computing SeCo application , providing the exploratory search functionalities , with Facebook and Doodle , providing the social networking capabilities integration with LinkedIn and Twitter is ongoing . This feature family includes 214 features , one for each Facebook category in the dataset . PubMed , the National Library of Medicine 's database of over 23 million citations , is an important source of knowledge in the biomedical domain . One way of approaching this would be to use the non-relevant documents as a language model against which to compare the relevant documents Meij et al . This paper presented a short overview of the initial design of Europeana Cloud system , which development was started in the beginning of 2013 . These datasets are of two different languages , which are English on Yelp , and Chinese on Dianping . MRs compiled according to a format called Europeana Semantic Elements 2 are fed to Europeana by each individual content provider CP . Figure 2gives a comparative overview of the results . However , detecting such FSCs is not easy . astro : a co-authorship network among arXiv Astro Physics publications . The user 's entropy is computed by We group a user 's inter-digg times into 143 bins , by seconds 1 − 59 , minutes 1 − 59 , and hours till 24 hours 1 − 24 , inter-digg times over 24 hours are grouped into one same bin . This paper described the application of an action module planning methodology to an experimental climbing robot named LIBRA . For a majority of the database entries , Geonames does not include any information which would allow sorting such as the population of a populated place , or the height of mountains , or length of rivers , etc . For the Ad Hoc task , 50 new topic statements , i.e . Freebase provides an HTTP-JSON-based API to maintain the data through read and write operations . 44 . Since March 2010 , 10 content providers , from which 7 use DSpace , have followed closely the Europeana standards , thus implementing full support for Europeana Semantics Elements ESE and have been harvested successfully by the VCPL Aggregator http : aggregator.libver.gr and Europeana 3 . First schema represents Uniprot 2 , while the second one , GeneCards 3 , selects data from over 100 databases . We set the values of Q according to the calculated values while leaving the diagonal zero . For any LSI system , the question of which k to use must be addressed . Datasets : We use the Wikipedia , Flickr , Epinions , and Twitter social graphs . All three conditions Indri , EBM , EBM+Indri significantly outperform the PubMed baseline on all metrics . Extensive experiments on three real signed networks Epinions , Slashdot and Wikipedia prove the effectiveness of our extracted features and transfer learning algorithm . We also utilized Web resources , such as categories assigned at Yelp for the provided examples . Sakai et al . To avoid overtraining , we collected the top 100 results of online Google search engine for each query , and kept the documents in the ClueWeb . In contrast with the University data , no filtering of the Enron data was required . As before , we tested against the GOV2 collection . Several studies investigate image browsing patterns of users . Another difference with the Lucene language model run is that we do not apply document length normalization in our runs . e.g . User retention typically has a direct causation with the user 's satisfaction with a session . Finally the limitations of CiteSeer in terms of metadata availability , reliability and portability led us to propose a SVM machine learning approach for metadata extraction . For further validation the Oliva and Torralba dataset 7 is also used . Our experiments were conducted using the GOV2 text collection used in the TREC Terabyte track 2 . In addition to the patterned synthetic data , we extracted a real world data set from the 1999 census data for the Los AngelesLong Beach area . For example , Hsu et al . We gathered a sample of photos from Flickr uploaded in the time between June 1 and 7 , 2007 . For these experiments , 250 queries from ENRON and 125 queries from PROTEIN , which appear in at least 10 documents with frequency 2 or more , are generated randomly for pattern lengths varying from 3 to 10. contents . The evidence the MG system used from data existing in Geonames population , coordinates , administrative division hierarchy , and type geographic feature is also available in GeoPlanet . We chose to use the document collection used by 15 . Sniping and bidding strategies are one of the most sought after topics . From GeoNames and LinkedMDB , we removed rdfs : seeAlso and owl : sameAs links , respectively , because they reveal the expected answers . This leads us to believe that these algorithms perform poorly where it matters most in recommendations . The Knowledge Test Game is also available on Facebook . For each subject , we randomly select 10 samples and they are partitioned into training and testing sets with 5 samples for each . A considerable fraction of the participants used category of suggestion candidates that is available in the Yelp website . For example , a user who is browsing an iPod related web-page could find iPod related items and purchase them directly from that page . First of all , the Clueweb Category B collection is of a limited size , and does not include a large part of the pages linked to from Wikipedia . The number of such geo-tagged images in Flickr has recently exceeded 100 million . The Netflix data set contains over 100 million ratings from over 480 thousand users on around 18000 titles . We made an additional run where Wikipedia pages without Clueweb links are retained in the ranking and a dummy Clueweb page is inserted in the result to make them the right format . Netflix has few features while Movielens is feature-rich . Digg also allows users to designate friends and track their activities , i.e . Table 2shows the number of classes , instances , and features for each UCI dataset . Any page on Facebook , or any entity recognized by Facebook 's open graph such as a movie , a URL , or Facebook content such as status updates or comments , can be Liked . This shows that while the semantic aspect is more important than social aspect for these specific datasets , the social component helps improving the search result , in particular for Flickr . For runs with posttranslation pseudo-relevance feedback , the feedback-related parameters were based on calibration runs using CLEF 2001 topics and the baseline EDICT translation dictionary . When the quality process involves querying a database with stable data , for example , then the quality annotations are likely to be long-lived and can be made persistent . The results show that our parallel algorithm on GPU significantly outperforms the serial algorithm on CPU when the size of dataset large increase . We use the Wu & Palmer 12 measure that calculates the relatedness of two terms by considering the depths of the two related synsets in the WordNet taxonomies . In the first case , a triple store needs to send more than 400 ,000 requests to answer the query , and in the second case it needs to download more than 7.8 million triples from GeoNames . To achieve this , some CiteSeer-specific requests should not be considered . Example user annotations for these images included concepts like irrigation , harvest , crop , dry , sand etc . Compared with traditional paper search engines including CiteSeer 1 , which search paper information at the document level , Libra can retrieve and rank objects such as authors , papers , conferences and journals with respect to a user query . There are many databases that contain many new research results , e.g . We used only topics for which at least one highly relevant or relevant document was found . DS3 comprises a description of the corel images based on co-occurrence textures with 16 dimensions . The predictions on test auctions from the small eBay data of all feature based reserve price prediction methods we study in this paper are visualized in Figures 3and 6 . Totally , the indexed data adds up to 1.1 billion triples . Moreover , due to the strong focus of CiteSeer on Computer Science publications , metadata extraction has been efficiently achieved by using customized regular expressions . If WT10G test set contains enough web pages whose out link contains anchor string to the pages within WT10G , and that anchor strings match entry point search query , this heuristics is expected to be best in the three . In what follows , we consider two biological databases , namely MedLine and PubMed 1 . Moreover , notice that in case of Epinions social network and the astrophysics coauthorship network Graclus tends to prefer larger clusters than the Newman 's algorithm . for a given Yelp profile , we find its corresponding profiles on Foursquare and TripAdvisor . The overall performances of different methods except Simple Margin on the RCV data are presented in Table 2. boundaries inhibit a model 's performance . 4 . Each object is represented by 9 features such as clump thickness , bland chromatin , normal nucleoli .etc . We then directly transferred this setting to the . On last.fm , users can describe songs in the form of freetext social tags . For the experiments conducted in this section we use a subset of the WT10G data set , as distributed by CSIRO in Australia . For the ranking of query results , CiteSeer has adopted the ranking algorithm of Google . For example , a high voting weight is given to a post that has the following characteristics : a check-in message , posted recently , from a Based on the ranking result , the Communication Module selects at most fifteen Weibo users to answer the question . The first prototype has been implemented and evaluated on a dataset from Flickr . We evaluate our techniques on the TREC GOV2 collection of 25.2 million documents , and demonstrate considerable improvements compared to the state-of-the-art techniques . It is a critical problem in many key application areas , including litigation , intelligence analysis , knowledge management , and humanities scholarship . Moreover , MovieLens also provides user demographic information , such as gender , age , occupation , and zipcode . Digg service displays not only the submitted articles with a lot of diggings but also new submissions with their Digg scores where the Digg score of a submission is defined as the number of diggings subtracted by the number of buryings . The data for this study belong to the MedLine , PubMed and SwissProt 2 databases . We notice that the curves of three datasets illustrate different patterns in both MAD and RMSD figures . We consider three large online social networks where each link is explicitly labeled as positive or negative : Epinions , Slashdot and Wikipedia 2 . Additional data sets were derived from the Reuters RCV Stopwords were removed , numbers were tokenized , and only terms appearing in more than one document were retained , leaving 5650 terms . We have validated the performance of our method on seven data sets . The GOV2 collection consists of 25.2 million web pages crawled from the .gov Internet domain . Thus , we analyze the time intervals between a user 's consecutive diggs . The three datasets used in our experiments are as follows : Enron 2 : This is a dataset containing Email messages sent between employees of the Enron corporation . The result is particularly clear for the easy Wine data set , but also for the difficult Corel collection . A number of reasons for abandonment were evident in the data . In fact , we investigated the integration of a stateof-the-art algorithm into the Europeana portal . Although an API has been developed for the existing CiteSeer 13 , the API does not expose internal system functionality that is needed for a powerful extension environment . Examples of meta-categories are Books and Home & Garden . Authors in 13 conducted a measurement study on the impact of negative feedbacks on eBay reputation system . #### Retail is a masked data set obtained from a large mail-order company . , and ⌘ = 10 3 for MovieLens 100K and EachMovie . For GOV2 , a large web collection , external features such as g tf Table 6 : Accuracy and MRR results for ROBUST04 , W10g and GOV2 collections , when using the AdaBoost . Note that Pearson correlation , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese 's survey , achieves about a 9 % improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average . While Twitter provides a large amount of constantly updated data , it is notoriously difficult to verify sociolinguistic traits of the speakers . Reconciling to URIs eliminates such mismatches . For that reason , we can not use the attributes derived from user profiles . We then ran a test on the complete UniProt dataset 1.4B triples on four machines . Table 5presents a comparison of the proposed method to the WordNet-based methods . A specially filtered subset of the full TREC 2014 StreamCorpus 2 was provided for use in the 2014 TREC KBA Track . For example , a complex phrase is Canadian building code . This fragment originates from the Office for National Statistics UK and refers to the dataset QS601EW Economic activity derived from the 2011 Census . Digg service not only allows the users to submit the descriptions of web documents , but also posts the Digg scores . We , therefore , complement the Yelp location search with the categories of examples . The publicly available Enron Corpus consists of about 250 ,000 e-mails from the accounts of 150 top managers of Enron Corporation around the time of the collapse of this U. S. energy giant . The corpora used in the following experiments are NIINACSIS 1 Test Collection for IR NTCIR12 . In this regard , the choice of resource identifiers that stem from the resources themselves is fundamental to ensure the interoperability of CiteSeer services with heterogenous DL systems . An exception is made for those items where the distance to the baseline is superior to three kilometers . The largest final data set consisted of 11990 records . WordNet senses are related among themselves via the inclusion hyponym – hyperonym relation . A number of other such contests abound . Legal Track 2006 and 2007 both use the IIT CDIP collection 1 . Since computing the mapping to WordNet is involved , we describe it in the next subsection . We report the results for different contexts in both Epinions and Flixster separately . We use the TREC GOV2 collection , parsed using Porter 's stemming algorithm . It permits 25 ,000 API calls per day without charge . These results also demonstrate the observations described in the previous section . We study the characteristics of socware cascades on Facebook by examining a dataset of malicious posts identified by MyPageKeeper 23 , our Facebook security application . CDIP involves the analysis of large masses of scanned paper documents , which often contain non-textual information such as handwriting , logos , or signatures . 10 % of Europeana 's total content from over 22 different providers , related to European archaeological and architectural monuments and their representations photos , 3D models . This stripped corpus is about 4.5TB and just over 500M StreamItems . Dataset includes 20 million real user tweets and additional 80 million synthetic data generated based on the distribution pattern of the real Twitter data but with different dictionary words . Table 9 shows results for the Wikipedia dataset , which is very different from GOV2 . See 1 for further information and properties of these networks . These partial ranking lists are provided by the researchers within the Microsoft Research lab in different areas such as information retrieval , machine learning , databases , In addition , users can filter the geographies using US census data parameters . These are believed to have come from past expert runs that used the interactive Legacy Tobacco Document Library search engine , which was not limited to the snapshot that we had obtained for the IIT CDIP version 1.0 collection . Our initial results show that OCR errors , though many , have little to no effect on the classification of the type of text . Table 3describes the number of target entities the system generated per query in each of the runs . Search on eBay is predominantly boolean . UAms uses Bing , as well as FreebaseDBPedia . 7 studied the spam filtering in the  ClueWeb collection and showed that the spam filtering could significantly improve the performance of a system . We can observe similar trends in Figure 2b in the second group of experiment when Epinions is the source and Slashdot is the target . Still , CiteSeer servers feature many functionalities that can not be accommodated by OAI-PMH , including full text document and citation search and citation-based document discovery . To illustrate these problems , consider the support distribution for the pumsb census data set shown in Figure 1 . They appreciate the idea of integrating Chinese bibliographic resources with authoritative factual protein science databases . Contributions . Rating Web sites updates a personal profile a blog-style record of rated sites and generates peer networks of Web surfers linked by common interest . Models for detecting concept occurrences in images enable the definition 'visual surface forms ' for a multimedia ontology , and visual glosses provide training data for creating these models . The real data set was the KDD CUP 1999 data set from the UCI machine learning repository . Table 1shows two sample entries written by a male and a female writer . Two features of the collection are of particular interest : rich metadata fields that were produced by human catalogers and noisy text of full documents that were generated from some Optical Character Recognition OCR software . In this paper , we describe how we support the Wikidata community with the migration of Freebase content to Wikidata . Each user in trust rating network , e.g . EBI and SICLS have established collaborative relationship and EBI literature database also contains some selected CBA data around 130 thousand records . Each image on both datasets is represented with the same visual features as described in 4 . 2. measured the F-measure achieved by our approach on the datasets at hand . Particularly , the experiment with only 20 training users is able to evaluate the robustness of our weighting scheme given a small number of training users . The results of this crawling is summarized in Table 2 . The best reported NMAE from among the methods described in 10 was 0.187 , which is somewhat higher than Pearson on this dataset . For ambiguous location names , the user can select the correct coordinates from a respective dialog . In addition , the firstname-lastname pair must not be present in a manually maintained list of false names . , the same as the WRSS achieved over RSS according to MRR with 'sat ' gain would allow the team that took the 3rd place in Kaggle competition become a winner 3 . We intend the IIT CDIP Test Collection to support research in areas beyond text retrieval as well . The second set of experiments was done on the YAGO2 semantic knowledge base . The search strategy footnote chasing is well supported by CiteSeer , although normally not all citations to a publication are listed . The search strategies citation searching , subject searches , and author searching are well supported by CiteSeer and Google Scholar . These were then indexed using , Zettair . To disambiguate author appearances in the scientific documents , we collect data from the CiteSeer Digital Library . We utilize all the subjects in the ORL and PIE and a subset of FRGC . The second interaction page of a chapter most lik ward two to three pages the the previous chapter . The gold standards used in the evaluation are 50 hypernym taxonomies from WordNet 2 and 50 from ODP Open Directory Project , and 50 meronym taxonomies from WordNet . the classes of which the query entity is a member . As a growing number of organizations and companies e.g . Compared with the baseline runs , the improvements in average precision of the runs with transliteration , however , are not statistically significant . Yelp API 2.0 allows applications to programmatically query local business using keywords , locations , or both . Then they went ahead to tell you that from their logged file , you actually made that purchase for a blackberry on www.ebay.com and the monetary transaction was successfully made to EBay . Since we introduced tagging features to MovieLens in January 2006 , MovieLens members have created 84 ,155 tag applications resulting in 13 ,558 distinct tags a tag is a particular word or phrase , a tag application is a three way relationship between a user , tag , and item . To answer these questions , we downloaded a large corpus of data from Sina Weibo that includes 26M tweets and comments from 2.7M users over the span of one year . , the quality of the answers was generally higher in PubCloud than in PubMed . A location describes places with a geographical name like cities or harbours . We also conducted analysis of the dataset of Epinions , which is a website where people can review products . We populated each of the MedLine and PubMed relations with approximately 25000 tuples corresponding to proteinrelated articles . We use EMD to show the generality of our method . Meij et al . On Clueweb Category B we use the Stanford named entity tagger to recognize entities Finkel et al . Since it is quite convenient to correctly translate the protein name from Chinese into English , subsequently , it is easily to use the English name to access UniProt database website to retrieve relevant information . To answer the questions , the users were provided with the output from both PubCloud and PubMed to queries for terminal flower and Arabidopsis . NDPE relies on the intuition that class information integration in the process of neighborhood selection could lead to the enhancement of classification capability over original NPE and this assumption is testified by the experimental results . At StumbleUpon , URL quality is assessed by a number of factors like , number of times stumbled , number of thumb-ups , number of thumb-downs , count of shares , count of comments , mime-type , topic category etc . Similarly in Flixster , if we only consider the movies from the Horror genre , then the ratings 245K will be dominated by the social relations 26M . However , in many other settings it finds significant shortcomings . The ratio of sizes of query result over candidate size by ppjoin algorithm is 38.1 % , 4.9 % , and 0.03 % for Enron , DBLP , and DBLP-3GRAM , respectively . If the error rate is high , it is worthwhile to correct errors before indexing . Our query set was based on the user-defined views of Freebase . Pefinitlon frame 6. by a probabilistic content-similarity algorithm 20 see Fig- ure 1 . We summarize that we evaluated the ranking on 100 datasets from the UCI repository . functionalities allowing authors to provide correction regarding those of their publications that are available from CiteSeer . We considered a subset of the overall Last.fm user base by looking only at a sample of 1.8 million users who had , at some point in their history on Last.fm , connected a Facebook account to their Last.fm account using one of the methods . For example , town is assigned to the class LOCATION -CITY using wordnet hypernym . 12 It produced executable plans for all 117 classification and 47 regression problems . 6 Users often voice their distaste for snipers on eBay on forums and blogs . The size of the UCI dataset is huge : it includes 13 ,192 projects , 2 ,127 ,877 Java source files , and 20 ,449 ,896 methods . MusicMash2 maps the data from each music meta-data Web service to the standardised Music Ontology format and submits the populated ontology to ONTOSEARCH2 . For the greedy order algorithm , we can see that using Kendall Rank Correlation Coefficient as the similarity measure has led to higher performances than the Pearson Correlation Coefficient and the Vector Similarity on both data sets . These greatly challenge coreference resolution . We found Freebase to be more complete than Wikipedia regarding movie related-information , while still general enough to work also for disambiguating non-movie related queries . Digg also implements a social filtering feature which recommends stories , including upcoming stories , that were liked by users with a similar voting history . Another form of attention could be adding someone as a contact or friend as on the Facebook social networking site Burke et al . This approach is more robust than using simple string matching based on the CrunchBase entity labels . two groups are very homogeneous and the conference categories well defined . This paper describes our efforts to mine protein related information from the Chinese Biological Abstract CBA database , and integrate with relevant information in the Universal Protein Resource Uniprot database . As shown in this table , FullModel has the social influence measures that are closest among all comparison partners to those of the real data set in both Epinions and Flickr . The POS n-grams extracted from WT10G provide us with a global list of POS n-grams . , PageRank to identify trusted voters in Digg to counter such attacks . As far as TREC tasks are concerned , substituting the crawling process with the gov2 corpus is a straightforward way to fulfill the TREC tasks with Tianwang . In Section 5.3 , we evaluate the accuracy of query classification methods , for which we used both the informational and navigational queries in the NTCIR-3 and NTCIR-4 collections . , competing approaches : In the datasets used in our experiments , we only have entity types of user , product , and movie . The first run ming1 only accessed the first returned result from Yelp when using the category of each example with each context as a query . The approach is designed to promote an unknown item to appropriate users until it gets sufficient reliable ratings . Currently , a number of initiatives and efforts in the lexical semantic community have been started to extend WordNet to cover multiple languages ; see the Global WordNet Association 9 . Our goal was to improve this fraction by ranking the abstracts retrieved by PubMed based on their relevance to properties of disordered proteins extracted automatically from the relevant articles . Among them , large websites reference scientific communications in the domain of medicine , such as the wellknown Pubmed 3 . Social networking sites enable users to share their reviews with their social circle . Figure 2shows the distribution of items artists to genre in our Last.fm dataset . We will make use of category information throughout the paper . There are 170 ,794 links in total . As of January , 2014 , Facebook had become a locus of social interaction and media sharing for 1.31 billion users in different parts of the world 29 . 2 errors were allowed in the 6- letter vanila query . However , since ClueWeb B is assumed to be a subset of Tier 1 of a Web search index , based on a large number of seed URLs , we expect that the composition of any sample of the ClueWeb collection approximates the composition of the full collection . EDM is designed as a framework for collecting , connecting and enriching the descriptions provided by Europeana data providers . 70k patents and 10k ClueWeb documents . Detailed description about the synthetic and credit card fraud datasets can be found in Fan et al . For instance , a place may have slightly different longitudes and latitudes in DBpedia and GeoNames ; two different places may be very close in name and location . Following significant improvements in our search system , Juru 2 , this is the first time that we were able to index and search the entire .gov2 collection using only one index . In the NTCIR-3 Patent Retrieval Collection , target documents are two years worth of unexamined Japanese patent 5 In practice , search topics were in five languages if traditional Chinese and simplified Chinese are regarded as different languages . We compare DOUBLETAKE with the previous state-ofthe-art tool , Google 's AddressSanitizer 38 . The communication with the Europeana server is by invoking the Query API module namely OpenSearch API . These annotations describe the likely function of a protein . We use a set of online resources UniProtSwissProtKB , GPSDB . , Tyre is a $ Component . The following evaluation scenarios are run : 1 . Among others , we differentiate between reports and methods . Among it 's goals , Europeana will act as an aggregator for European Linked Cultural Data . We also report numbers from tests on other datasets ; first , a separate sample of emails from the Enron collection , and secondly the sample of text from the Wikipedia . Using this algorithm , we submitted two sets of feedback documents for Phase 1 . Combined information geonames and predicted state is sent to the geocoding API to get the location of the tweet . We conduct experiments on three real-life , publicly available rating datasets , namely : Ciao 1 , Epinions 1 , and Flixster 2 . ClueAF and ClueBF are two additional experimental settings created from ClueWeb following previous work 6. significant loss of its teenager subscriber base to Facebook appeared 27 and in April 2008 Facebook usage overtook MySpace 59 . Note that this is not a Facebook Application as enabled by the Facebook API , but it is a customization of the core user-facing Facebook functionality through a user-defined extension . However , it is impossible to index the huge amount of data elements stored in such databases . COREL is not a good general-purpose , multiple domain retrieval system . Section 4 discusses an RDBMS table function infrastructure enhancement that can eliminate bulk of the mapping overhead for RDFMATCH queries . Lexical and ontological resource like WordNet organizes different animals in an hierarchy and can place cougar , leopard , etc . Campus 13K + Flickr 13K Our S+V approach requires the FOV information to compute the probabilities of POIs . The attributes tested include population , population density , percent of white persons , percent of black or African American persons , percent of American Indian persons , percent of Asian persons , and percent of female persons . 2 ClueWeb dataset containing about 40 million web pages , randomly selected from the ClueWeb collection 5 . The systems at the bottom part , typified by message and voice services like Skype , or social networks like Facebook or LibraryThing , could support discussion or sharing of material . The UCI machine learning dataset is a repository of databases , domain theories and data generators that are used for the empirical analysis of machine learning algorithms . The results are in JSON JavaScript Object Notation format and contain business name , distance from context location , business category labels , number of reviews , average rating , review snippets , and other information see Table 3for an example Yelp API call . The dataset has 10 ,344 records and 8 dimensions . These are the movies that would make good recommendations . Our The main reason of misclassification is wrong division of WT10g . For MovieLens , we use the last 200 users for testing , and for EachMovie we used the last 4000 users . For Enron , we restrict our attention to patterns with a high average purity , i.e . Using SimRank 3 and spectral clustering 4 , we further automatically categorize the groups into 11 classes , i.e . We further conduct an initial study on Last.fm that motivates our approach and illustrates the challenges . The average number of listening events per user is 11 ,603 ± 7 ,130 . Moreover , since the query topics were created by the assessors who had conducted research in the related field for several years , they were quite familiar with the experts in that research field and could make reliable relevance judgments and even nominate some missing experts . Several candidate concepts may be selected for each entity the number is given as a configuration parameter . Digital libraries such as the ACM digital library 3 , Libra 4 and ChemxSeer 5 , take advantage of well-defined metadata from catalogues , taxonomies and domain-specific information in scientific papers . After comparing available services provided both by CiteSeer and Google Scholar , some unique services of CiteSeer are excluded . We queried the Yelp API to extract businesses from the targeted contexts and we extracted the following information for each business : Facebook . 2013 of spamming . Specifically , we use UB as the reference to compare the relative effectiveness measures , which are calculated as b Recall We track the groups that users form on Flickr and retrospectively recreate their historical states over extended periods of growth . 2 When people communicate , they may not mention what they already know . We tested per-user averaging on this dataset as well and it was 2 % less accurate . As for Japanese QA , the top system at NTCIR-3 QAC1 used dynamically selected three consecutive sentences as passages 4 , based on their TREC QA experience . Digg aggregates and displays lists of stories , which are URL to news articles , blog posts , videos or photos . We performed comprehensive experiments on two real datasets from Epinions and Flixster . In our proposed framework , it is not necessary for every cluster to be assigned a set of constraints . In the case study presented here we will concentrate on tags for books from LibraryThing . This should give rise to non-rectangular strategies in certain situations , such as logpolar sampling , and would help illustrate the point that the RCV is not limited to rectangular sampling . This is a core requirement for a next-generation CiteSeer service . Dataset2 is used to test our topic detection and tracking algorithm . The data we used is a standard benchmark data for the spatial join , namely the TigerLine data from the US Bureau of Census Tig92 . To this end , we deployed a manual enrichment pipeline , in which we enrich Jamendo 's music data by adding additional geospatial data found by applying the NLP enrichment function 4 DrugBank is the Linked Data version of the DrugBank database , which is a mo : biography . If the query is positive , the links to the digitised items are displayed . In Section 2 we describe details of Digg . The lowest achieved search performance was roughly 10 % lower than the median performance . The WT10G and . In Section 3 we will study a large collection of eBay auctions of sports collectibles . The load balancing for all Indexing experiments on the Web Track is good with only slight levels of imbalance recorded : this confirms that the strategy used for distributing the collection to nodes was a good one . The back end component has to comply with the Europeana architecture , which is based on an Open Source policy . Social media has become a global platform for political discussion . For example , we observe several peaks between the 18th and the 22th November , probably due to the fact that , in those days , Europeana announced to have reached a threshold of shows the load on the Europeana portal on a per hour basis . Extensive experiments are conducted on three real world datasets , i.e . For the 12 cases without overflows in SAMATE suite , DOUBLE- TAKE has no false positives . This process yielded 150 queries for delicious and 184 queries for LibraryThing ; note that this method can not be applied to the Flickr data because there is almost no overlap in the pictures users tag . For example we would expect that users who like many F ashion pages are likely to buy items in the Clothing , Shoes & Accessories meta-category . 12 , using two open-source MT decoders , phrase-based Moses 4 and hierarchical SCFG decoder cdec 5 . For the Eachmovie dataset with 5000 users and k = 14 , the factor analysis training time was 11 minutes 20 iterations of the EM recurrence on a PII-400 MHz machine with 256MB ram . Since the CBA system was officially up and running in March 2011 , we have got many feedbacks from users . We use three large online social networks Epinions , Slashdot and Wikipedia where each link is explicitly labeled as positive or negative . Items are described by their relevance over 3 topics . b Social so-called cold-start context , with high accuracy . We conclude with some discussion in Section 5. and most are vertical , i.e . , 0.9 } 2 and uci = 1 . In fact , out of all detected matches between Yelp and Twitter 78 % are only identified by loca-tion . Table 3 shows the detailed performance of candidate searching step at different recall level in all six collections . A variety of electronic markets and online communities have reputation system built in , such as eBay , Amazon , Yahoo ! Our work provides evidence of vote spam in Digg social network , and further proposes exploiting low link symmetry e.g . The goal of this work is to measure the number and the type of Airbnb offerings in different areas of a city London , in our case and study their relationship between offering and neighborhood socio-economic conditions . To recommend the articles with hot topics in Digg service , HotDigg which is a probabilistic model based recommendation system was proposed recently in 14 . Phrases were sent to WordNet first . By analyzing the locations of user-item communities discovered by ABBDF algorithms , we expect to obtain an intuitional observation of their effects . enron : an e-mail communication network by Enron employees . To measure the similarity between the Yelp and Twitter or Flickr and Twitter accounts , we accumulate the probabilities of each word in the Yelp or Flickr text from the language model of the Twitter account . 19940513AFPARB.0001 , is included inside < DOCNO > . < DOCNO > tags . For instance , an effective RDF keyword search method should treat RDF properties edges as first-class citizens , since properties may provide significant information about the relations between the entities being searched . This second use case solves a quite similar problem as the vision described in the introduction : Given a last.fm user name , a list of artists that the user and his Last.fm friends like is created , augmented with information about which users are fans of the respective artists . However , it achieves comparable performance in FRGC database . First , each of the three types of cliques used in Section 2.1 for defining the MRF has at least one associated feature function that is assigned with a relatively high weight . During that time there were two main opportunity to obtain a feedback : 1 external , through Kaggle LeaderBoard , and 2 internal , using homogeneous ensembling with CV-passports , see Section 4 . The second one is specialized knowledge about cultural heritage . The eight data sets which we consider are : US Census data , Forest Cover data from the UCI KDD archive , Water Quality data , River Flow data , Stock Market data , William Shakespeare data word proximity information , Image Feature Vector data , and Web Page data keyword frequency information . We also used wordnet and wikipedia to associate entities with their categories . Among the total 19 CC++ application in the benchmark suite , this work selected 9 applications , based on the number of objects during the application execution as well as the object deallocation pattern , in order to prevent misleading results . Specifically , for a query , we pooled the top 30 results returned by BM25 , our method , and two systems : Libra and Rexa . Of the 58 ,649 overlapping songs in both collections , we selected 24 ,436 songs with at least five user interpretations to have sufficient text for our analysis . Freebase contains information about properties of entities and relations between entities encoded in RDF Antoniou and Van Harmelen , 2004 . All programs are built as 64- bit executables using LLVM 3.2 with the clang front-end and -O2 optimizations . pages with the same normalized url . In the U. K. , RDF datasets published around data.gov.uk are carefully curated and of high quality , but due to limited availability of trained staff and contractors , only selected high-value datasets have been subjected to the Linked E. Simperl et al . We see that models learned by projecting from Gov2 and Wt10g onto ClueWeb09 1 and from ClueWeb09 and Wt10g onto Gov2 2 are significantly better than the baseline as denoted by asterisks in Table 2 . Most existing cluster based re-ranking and query expansion approaches use fine-grained clusters of the top k results returned by a search engine . The right plot in Figure 3shows the cumulative distribution of outdergee-to-indegree ratio for Digg . Experiments show that per character error rate is around 1 % , which is acceptable . As an example , members may view or comment on each other 's contributions to the community by rating the usefulness of a product review on Amazon Parameswaran & Whinston 2007 or possibly by adding a digg to an article on Digg . Specifically , variations of Facebook spelling and slang were investigated to ensure all common variants are identified . The MovieLens 7 dataset originally contained 100 ,000 ratings from 943 users on 1 ,682 movies . Digg articles with high scores tend to be exposed in the front pages of Digg service and thus get more chances of being dug . This data is used as a case study in Section 5 . Several preliminary experiments were done on the gov2 collection and found to significantly improve effectiveness when compared to using GOV2 as the source of query expansion terms . Section 6 concludes with a summaryandfuturework . The major cause of misshelved b by library patrons . We used the TREC GOV2 collection along with the TREC Terabyte Ad Hoc and Efficiency topics for evaluation . We use 11 data sets from the UCI database and the cat and dog CatDog data . The pruning technique was more effective on the Enron dataset than on the other two datasets mainly due to two reasons . Providing similar objects for access to large collections is not novel . To demonstrate the performance of our ranking algorithm , we compare the performance of the following algorithms : Table 2show the top 10 ranked users in ER and MovieLens datasets using these algorithms . For our study , we collected data from the three social networks Twitter , Flickr and Yelp , including extensive ground truth of 13 ,629 users with accounts on both Twitter and Flickr and 1 ,889 users with accounts on both Twitter and Yelp . Support of distributed error correction by CiteSeer is extensively discussed in 24 . Because the user base is not representative of the census population , these methods fail to infer Table 2 : First names most associated with each ethnicity learned by the proposed model . Otherwise , an interrupt to robot processes is generated . In this way we identify 117.663 navigational queries , which makes it the 12th most frequent category of queries from all other semantic types cf . WordNet distinguishes between different part-of-speech types verb , noun , adjective , etc . Secondly , trust is only one of many types of social relations . The Wang dataset 6 of 1000 images is used for evaluation of the system and for comparisons with earlier work . In the present work we focus on a subset of these . The right plot in Figure 11shows average digg rates at each age in terms of hours for upcoming and popular stories . Instead , only some items are linked directly , others can only be reached via intermediate pages . A is a parent digg and B a child digg . We also comment on the usefulness Figure 4shows the distribution of periods of patterns mined from the Enron and IMDB datasets . We observed two shortcomings in utilizing the Yelp categories : First , the Yelp categories could be very specific , such as Sushi Bar for examples where we would also want to consider the query Restaurant . The list of contacts for each user is publicly visible in Flickr , and we used the Flickr API to reduce the necessary bandwidth for crawling . less than 10 in our case . On the other hand , we do not want to construct a synthetic workload that is specifically tailored for CiteSeer . ebay , provides an advertising commissioner , e.g . For efficiency reasons , the background corpus does not consist of the whole GOV2 corpus , but of a random 1 % sample of the GOV2 corpus . , advertisement into the front page . The highest concentration of results is to be found in the first sector of 200 meters around the Geonames coordinates . 12 proposed a machine learning-based framework for social media to counteract vote spam . is denoted by . The cell is represented by the distribution of tags associated with its images . The Freebase and Wikidata communities have a very different background , subtly different goals and understandings of their tasks , and different requirements regarding their data . The weights of the inverse predicate equivalence rules for each word were fixed in proportion to the IDF of the word . As the largest currently available dataset , the Million Song Dataset MSD is a collection of audio features and metadata for a million contemporary popular music tracks . When data.gov started publishing RDF , large numbers of datasets were converted using a simple automatic algorithm , without much curation effort , which limits the practical value of the resulting RDF . This hierarchy groups together Freebase tables such as artist , album , and monarch in the domains e.g . The amount of related senses measure is a measure that concerns the domain ontology and the WordNet Ontology . This time we include the space required by the block headers . The MovieLens data set is a real movie database from the web-based recommender system MovieLens www.movielens.umn.edu . Hence , there are eight variables Note that for Epinions , the largest of the three datasets , the exact algorithm does not terminate within a reasonable time . Freebase is a publicly available general purpose knowledge base with over 42 million entities and over 2.3 billion facts . However , similar to the trends observed in the correctness and quality of answers , PubCloud users were able to answer descriptive questions faster than PubMed users . There is no a priori correct way . Music to validate the effectiveness of the proposed framework . To illustrate this , properties in Freebase often have a reverse property that is used in order to be able to traverse the Freebase graph easily in both directions . eBay has one of the best known community created content for commerce . For example , in Kaggle contests , there are typically at least dozens and usually hundreds of participants , so in such a contest setting the optimal threshold is likely to have little effect on incentives to exert effort . Table 1shows the statistics of the six collections . To obtain more complete promotion information for each restaurant , we crawled restaurants ' promotion data from Yelp and matched the Yelp and OpenTable restaurants based on their names , street addresses , and geo-tags . The 43 ,000 Enron messages were augmented by approximately 50 ,000 spam messages collected in 2005 . In addition , the LA1 data set is part of the TREC-5 collection http : trec.nist.gov and contains news articles from the Los Angeles Times . The indexer scans all documents of the WT10G and generates full text indexes and term statistics . This data set was created by combining the relevance judgments from the MovieLens9 data set with documents from the Internet Movie Database IMDB . Its organization around CiteSeer , was presented , along with the efforts to make it OAI-compliant . Nodes in these graphs are employees of ENRON . However , in some cases 4.7 % our algorithm generated a longer pipeline to emulate the manual configuration . We downloaded 120 ,896 Digg articles submitted or dug by 239 ,847 users in two months from Dec. 2011 to Jan. 2012 using Digg API available at http : developers.digg.com . One of the favourable aspects of randomly sampling pages is that the probability of relevance is unaffected 18 . In this subsection , we use different size of training data divided from the Flixster dataset to test efficiency of our parallel algorithm using GPU compared with the serial algorithm on CPU . The composition of e-mails in users inboxes is more varied with 50 % non-spam e-mails of distinct Enron employees from the Enron corpus and 50 % spam e-mails from various sources . It confirms the earlier conclusion based on the COREL data that up to a certain point , increasing model complexity improves performance . Still the performance of CiteSeer in extracting some metadata items esp . Figure 2a presents our observation on the percentage of actions being performed by new users versus the total number of users existing in Epinions and Flickr . However , our preliminary experiments with global idfs suggest that the table-splitting may have cost us several points of precision ; e.g . We also demonstrate the performance of our system on RDFS reasoning . The general goal of a relevance feedback algorithm is to extract terms from relevant documents that distinguish them from other , non-relevant documents . As a result , the prediction of ratings can be enhanced by making use of the ratings of different items . Libra currently contains 7 million object relationship links between the collected Web objects including 1 million papers , 650 ,000 authors , 1700 conferences , and 480 journals . We see this in our study as well ; the results of OV neural networks on the eBay data sets improve when the model is trained with more data . Our experiments are conducted over eight real , high-dimensional data sets . For Corel image database , we have also included 2800 images for natural scenes . We con-struct this tensor from the well-known TREC Web Corpus WT10G 24 , which has about 1.7 million webpages 10GB raw text Based on the hyperlinks in the WT10G data , we select the top 3000 most popular words in the anchor texts to construct a sourcedestination-word tensor . Such engagements may be necessitated by stakeholder requirements . In our experiment , the queries were searched in PubMed through its ESearch E-utility and MeSH terms were extracted by parsing the returned XML file . Real-life dataset , a German credit dataset from UCI Repository 13 , is employed . In general , the language-based results are significantly worse compared to the location-based results , and achieve only a 6 % TPR at 1 % FPR for matching Yelp to Twitter accounts , and 10 % for matching Flickr to Twitter accounts . Europeana Data Model has been recently introduced by Europeana 5 cultural heritage metadata aggregator as the main resource description format . The system is resilient to unavoidable availability and connection issues . We demonstrate the general applicability of HypTrails by comparing hypotheses for empirical datasets from three distinct domains Wikigame , Yelp , Last.fm . In this section , we present an evaluation of all three models on 7000 images and captions from the Corel database . This means that some articles are repeated many times with different vocabulary names and the TREC identifiers used in the ClueWeb data . Finally , the third dataset consists of a bulk of data describing specific information about conferences e.g . The myPersonality dataset was collected through the myPersonality Facebook application , which allowed its users to take real psychometric tests and receive feedback on their scores . The CiteSeer database is queried by simple keyword search and returns a list of indexed publications 20 . We describe the Last.fm dataset in more comprehensive detail later in Section 5.1 , as we use it again in our formal experimentation later . Social bookmarking sites like digg.com allow users to create & share collections of bookmarks . In this paper , we describe how Linked Data technologies 12 were applied within the BBC , one of the world 's largest broadcasters , and how DBpedia 3 , often considered as the linking hub of the Linking Open Data project , and MusicBrainz are used in that process as both an interlinking vocabulary and a data provider . Location name statistics were extracted from Geonames 17 , a geographic ontology that covers all countries and contains over eight million locations . Secondly , we observe a relative 6.0 % gain in performance over tweet expansion using WordNet . In addition to the thumbnail preview , SimilarWeb also shows the page title and URL below the thumbnail . In cases where the Yelp API returned fewer than 50 results , we expanded the geographical context using nearby coordinates provided by the GeoLite City database . In addition any machine annotation can be editorially managed using the Content Link Tool . Some groups included more specialized search engines such as Yelp . In another study , Dietrich et al . The last three schemes are used to provide the religion , space , and time granularity to the data exploration process . planning , contexts , and lexical resources e.g . The second reason for choosing Libra is its coverage with respect to the Perfil- CC conference list , which for some groups reaches more than 80 % , as can be seen in Table 1 . However , we also relate experimental findings to a recent analysis of transaction logs from PubMed , lending further credibility to our conclusions see Section 7 . Linked Government Data LGD 2 is introduced to establish links across distributed government datasets and thus facilitate data integration . From this analysis , we wanted to study one or more custodians in our research . The concave functions we examined are g between France and French in Table 1is represented as France Country For example , the semantic relation Figure 1 : Representation of the Grandfather relation in Freebase is complex . Table 3again shows details for some experiments on LibraryThing ; here , our highly efficient method manages to reduce runtime by up to an order of magnitude over the baseline . These mostly corresponded to rural communities . We identified candidate venues from the open web using the Yelp API 3 , Yelp website 4 , and individual venue web pages . The goal of the challenge was to use these listening histories to recommend 500 songs for a subset of 110K test users . All of our experiments demonstrate that convergence to the optimal support is quite rapid for all data sizes and independent of the variability in our synthetic data . Here the action module planning methodology is applied to the MIT LIBRA laboratory climbing robot to study its practical validity 12 . Table 3imation based CF methods on the MovieLens 10M and Netflix datasets . We also collect the UK Index of Multiple Deprivation IMD data 6 available at the level of small census areas known as Lowerlayer Super Output Areas LSOAs . We executed the same queries on RDF-3X on a higher configuration server having 16 GB physical memory . We assumed that MedLine articles are indexed , through the keyword attribute , by the currently approved protein name while PubMed articles are indexed by aliases of the approved names . removing instances of fwd and re . However , CiteSeer provides no organization of papers by venue , which makes it difficult a crawling focused on conferences of interest as well as to find out the coverage of conferences with respect to the Perfil-CC ranking . , Twitter constrains user posts to 140 characters and broadcasting publicly consumable information . The fact that documents originated from seven different organizations but were searched as a unit is decidedly anomalous from the perspective of federated search , and some future users of the collection may wish to treat the seven subcollections in a more separate manner . We conducted a series of experiments on three real-world rating datasets : Movielens-1M , EachMovie , and Netflix . Freebase was chosen for testing this method because it features Compound Value Types CVTs , which have a similar role to frames , but we are also able to map some non-CVT classes . Here Terrier query contained the terms oil , gas , enron , spill and environment . In the case of the Sequence Summary and Sequence lenses , these were literal values , which were immediately shown . The significant differences between our models for answer-type related features and previous methods have been discussed in Section 3.3 . 1 M. Iwayama , A. Fujii , N. Kando , and A. Takano . VM-based recording alone adds additional runtime overhead , an average of 5 % on the SPEC CPU2006 benchmarks . This standard ontology enables Europeana to aggregate data from such a large number of cultural institutions . Note that the CiteSeer mirror that we host already contains the cached PDF files downloaded by the original CiteSeer crawler . We consider that each sense in a WordNet synset describes a concept . Hence , the similarity calculation based on b RMSE Comparison on Different User Rating Scales MovieLens 1 , 20c Distribution of Testing Data MovieLens Figure 2 : Performance Comparison on Different Users MovieLens 1 , 20items is probably more accurate than the calculation based on users . Datasets from SEC and Yahoo ! Based on the gathered experience , MIR qualified for a main task at NTCIR-11 3 which took place in 2014 with 8 participants and 8 million document sections of 174GB in total . Flickr allows users to create two types of links : links to favorite photos called favorites in Flickr and links to other users called contacts in Flickr . Overall , the dataset consists of 275 trails—where each trail captures the successive songs listened to by one user on a given day—over 11 , 166 distinct tracks with an average trail length of 52.8 . However , its social plugins 11 allow other websites to integrate Facebook features . Figure 2presents the average precision of the tested concepts and the 5 bestworst concepts ' average precisions . Some examples of such databases from biology include UniProt 2 and SWISS-PROT 3 . Owing to the development of the Internet and Web technology , most academic papers are being searched by paper search engines in the web rather than in libraries . WordNet Our early results show that all three methods have similar performance . The evaluation of our approach was performed in the data sets from Europeana 4 , which consist in descriptions of digital objects of cultural interest . These documents were dropped from the pools reducing the number to the expected 6 ,910 ,192 for each topic ; however , they were not dropped until after the hiRank was recorded , so they may have had a minor impact on the sampling probabilities . The wt10g collection contains 1.7 million pages and 140 ,470 relevance judgments for 150 topics . When the explicit social information is not available , we evaluate all the algorithms on two popular datasets : MovieLens 1 and EachMovie 2 . With the expanded lexicon , transliteration is validated either with the NTCIR corpus marked NTCIR , with the LDC corpus marked LDC , or with a combination of the NTCIR corpus and the LDC corpus marked NTCIR+LDC . As all tagged objects now are books , some tag classes get specific interpretations : Type now can be interpreted as genre and usage context is what usually is called reception . , Europeana , DBpedia , data.gov , GeoNames adopt the Linked Data practices and publish their data in RDF format , going beyond simple SPARQL endpoints , to provide more advanced , effective and efficient search services over RDF data , has become a major research challenge . Our method is based on the statistics of Flickr annotation patterns and our co-occurrence model can be incrementally updated when new annotations become available . Eurovoc uses 128 concept schemes but has one without top concept , which simply contains all concepts defined in the vocabulary . The first prototype of the Europeana Portal 2 was launched in autumn 2008 and contains by now about 15 million items . 3 An individual shares a link within and external to Facebook , and exposure to the externally shared information causes a friend to share the link on Facebook . MovieLens logs capture timestamps and other information when users rate movies and when they view pages of recommended movies . With this higher custodian count , the FERC production covered 0.673 % of possible custodians . Feature Availability : Most social networks provide the features our attacks exploit . Classification Accuracies . We built test collections for the patent-to-patent invalidity search and patent map generation tasks in the Fourth NTCIR Workshop . The implementation of kernel DLDA is very involved . Besides having the size and diversity necessary for CDIP research , the MSA documents have two unusual advantages over other materials we considered . Facebook or movie recommendation networks e.g . Figure 2text , we tested the RS algorithm on the forestry data available from the UCI KDD archive at http : kdd.ics.uci.edu . COREL is widely used in many CBIR works 12 , 19 , 31 . The complete list of user actions that were available in CiteSeer during the period of our experiments can be found in Table 1 . Using geographic analysis , our uncovered print histories can be correlated with other spatial data , such as histori­ cal county boundaries , census reports , and transportation data , to construct individual and comparative models of ge­ ographic dispersal . The MOVIELENS data set consists of 100 ,000 movie ratings provided by 943 users on 1682 movies . Fig- ure 1shows an example of RefSeer interface . In addition , the adjusted average rating of the lookalike Facebook apps is significantly higher than that of all Facebook apps in general . For this we use two libraries : WordNet 1 and WordNet Domains 2 . We investigated the concept of stranger-sourcing on Social Media via a deployed application called MoboQ . Manjal 's text mining functions allow a user to explore one or more topics as follows : People are invited to visit MovieLens in order to rate and ask for recommendations for movies . It is coordinated by Europeana Foundation and has a vision of creating new digital infrastructure for cultural content that will be used by Europeana Cloud is a new project funded by the European Union scoped to address the above issues . Europeana intends to enhance the user experience and offer services that allow users to interact and participate . Similar results were observed on the fourth column of the heart databases . Though Facebook public pages are available through its API . With the MACCI framework , we conducted the following experiments on the RCV-v2 document collection . First , due to mapping table year2py , our projection is on the kw attributes of the retrieved PubMed tuples . To give the locations a unified unambiguous representation , a respective plug-in adds attributes with their geographical longitude and latitude . Both ran for five iterations and produced 700 ,000 and 600 ,000 clusters respectively . Also shown are the running times for the census datasets . Visual content color , shape and texture histograms and textual information tf-idf indexing of tags are considered to form 4 views on the collection . By computing a mapping from infobox classes to WordNet concept nodes , KOG gains useful features for predicting subsumption . The UniProt dataset 9 contains approximately 14M RDF documents . Experimental results show that BUIR consistently outperforms competitive baselines in predicting item future popularity . However , after examining a sample of upcoming stories whose received diggs and digg rates are comparable to or even more than those of popular stories , we have found evidence of content censorship on advertisement , phishing articles and articles offensive to Digg . Because we observe both the Atlas cookie assigned to the user at the time of the ad impression as well as the hashed Facebook identifier for Facebook users , we have ground truth data on cookie assignment distributions . Flickr allows users to group their photos in album-like folders , called sets . It finds articles similar to a chosen PubMed citation from the entire PubMed database . Note a sharp drop at the degree of 860 . However in cases where the object link graph is prohibitively large , one might have to trade optimality for efficiency . We first note that usernames alone achieve 77 % TPR for matching accounts from Flickr to Twitter . The dataset is provide by SRI after major clean-up and removed of attachments . These associative classifiers have proven to be powerful and achieve high accuracy . If no homepage is found we remove the entity from the candidates . Gisgraphy suggests categories to stamp on the POIs e.g . We have performed a statistical experiment on 50 ,000 pages retrieved from the WT10g dataset given 50 queries of TREC 2001 . We used the DisGeNET 2.0 dataset 1 , which contains 6 ,029 diseases and 9 ,313 genes integrated from a number of gene-disease association databases , including OMIM 7 , UniProt 8 , PharmGKB 9 , and CTD 10 . We evaluate the performance of our proposed systems on a dataset collected by Work4 between February 2013 and June 2014 . For the academic search engine CiteSeer there have been several different recommender systems proposed – some from the CiteSeer developers 4 and some from third parties 5 . An aggregated dataset is published in irregular intervals . As illustrated in Figure 1 , CiteSeer-API proposes a new interface to CiteSeer servers which is complementary to the regular webinterface and the OAI-PMH interface . Hypothesis H10 : The more overlap in WordNet noun concepts we find in a pair of tweets , the more likely they are to be duplicates and the higher their duplicate score . We then attempted to access the Facebook application page of each of these using the Watir 28 library to login to Facebook . , the closest matching , to the chosen citation . Actually the potential market of rare items is even beyond the users explicitly asking for rarity since more users might have n't realized that they may search in this way or there are such rare items on eBay . ### Also , visit counts on a Web page or the number of interactions among two entities are also indicators of ratings weights on these interactions . We have designed the Web Network and CiteSeer Community prototypes to test and evaluate the FISC architecture . This paper describes our efforts to mine protein related information and knowledge from the CBA , and integrate with relevant information in the Uniprot database . Sina Corporation 10 launched this service in August 2009 . In this section we present our experimental results on several UCI data sets 5 . Of these users , 904 ,132 users use the Last.fm social features i.e . The current design of TrackMeOrNot may also allow user 's browsing activities on websites like Facebook to be tracked by other third-party trackers , if Facebook and other websites explicitly embed tracking scripts of other vendors into their own websites . Tag Applications : MovieLens members can tag movies , and use tags contributed by others in the community to find and evaluate movies . Data that is collected from other sources is often cleansed and reformatted £ Supported in part by an NSF CAREER Award IIS-0347065 . This will greatly benefit junior researchers and students who would be very interested in locating popular scientists , papers , conferences , and journals in their research field . Then from those sentences , we utilize entity linking tools 13 to detect answer candidates and link them to entities in Freebase . Rand statistic 12 . Disks 4 & 5 contains 528 ,155 news releases while WT10G consists of 1 ,692 ,096 crawled pages from a snapshot of the Web in 1997 . The data set is available from http : ferret.bls.census.gov . All other vocabularies have a significant number of undocumented concepts . In the second approach , we leverage the publicly available Freebase annotation on ClueWeb12 as well as Freebase API O to estimate the entity model . There are several types of personal data stored in Facebook as described below : 1 . Similarly , query 2 was expanded into following : # band # synoil gas enron spill # syncleanup # 1clean up # synelektro court transrede appeal teixeira silva serec freire dpc tozzini Finally , we did expansion for the entire topic using the whole set of relevance assessments and the expanded query was : # band # synoil gas enron environment # syntransrede court cuiab tg plaintiff pipelin approxim bolivian gtb elektro Unfortunately , data for queries such as movies , song titles , and proper nouns are sparse in WordNet . WordNet supports many such relationships . Several experiments on Corel database have been systematically performed . The TREC Web Track has discontinued the diversity task ; it is not clear if there will be an INTENT-3 task at NTCIR-11 . Rankings based on explicit feedback , namely Favorites , boost pictures that are well spread across Flickr groups and that receive attention from active Flickr users , but that may not have great impact outside of Flickr . This year , we will just describe how cTREC was extended for the Arabic collection . This is because more users are interested in one domain in the dataset . 277 of the entries identified in VIAF were also identified in MusicBrainz – information currently represented using the Similarity Ontology , but which could be published as novel sameAs connnections . Why was the response time for Web Track queries higher than Title Only on WT100g nearly double despite the fact that Web Track Queries are only slightly larger than Title Only Queries ? A complete high-precision integration of Freebase into another knowledge base thus requires a larger community effort with additional manual revisions . The collection to be searched for this task is the WT10g collection 2 , a 10 gigabytes subset of the VLC2 collection which in turn is a subset of a 1997 crawl of the WWW done by the Internet Archive 5 . Unlike the scraping approach , it is not limited to public posts ; rather , parents reported their overall Facebook usage patterns . The affiliations of volunteers for primary assessments were the National Archives The assessors used a beta version of a Web-based platform to view the scanned MSA documents and record their relevance judgments . To obtain answers for questions , the system analyzes the live stream from the public microblogging service Sina Weibo to identify people who are likely to be currently at the place that is associated with a question and sends them the unsolicited question through the microblogging service from which they were identified . wn in Fig . Movie and book ratings : The second class of datasets we include is based on reviews of cultural items like movies or books . For these newly discovered URLs that have received very few stumbles , computing the retention quality score , scoreu will be unstable . Thus we progressively extend the set of metadata maintained by CiteSeer section 4.3 , increase the number of indexes to extend the queriable metadata e.g . The final step in the method uses a genetic algorithm to search for an acceptable plan . Constraint-based string mining as presented here has a great potential for applications working on biological sequences . While these are represented as hierarchical objects on the provider 's site 12 this information could not reach Europeana . There does exist a data set for insults which was used in a Kaggle competition . The Yelp API only returned the URL for the Yelp listing of a particular venue . We used an external Perl script to parse the raw triples and build string to ID dictionary mapping . Elsewhere we describe experience with a prototype CDIP system for retrieval and data mining on scanned documents 1 . One of the earliest research paper recommender systems was TechLens 8 . Breese 's experiments were done on a sample of 5000 users . Selection of a knowledge base for NER is very important , and it depends heavily on the domain and language of the corpus . The creation of gold standards based on existing ontologies , and available expert resources such as WordNet are a crucial step in our evaluation process . The column entitled Decision indicates if the query expansion is local , external or disabled . These text fragments provide a general description of entities , which may include information relevant to the question 22 . We filtered the Freebase dump by removing this kind of content before creating a data dump that Google could relicense under CC0 . The larger Japanese blogosphere is also supported by the numbers published in 4 . Especially , since users prefer searching with plain keywords , instead of using structured query languages such as SPARQL , there has been an increasing interest on keyword search mechanisms over RDF data 1 ,2 ,3 . Citations are important in academic dissemination . As a result , iq for this query became large . This result is particularly interesting , because we do not always generate the manually created reference pipeline described in the previous subsection . While both CiteULike and Digg service allow the users to post their votes for each document , CiteULike does not allow the users to post the descriptions of why they like . Using the high level category information leads to improvements mainly in early preci- sion . Table 5 also shows the percentage of user pairs for which we can compute the similarity in each comparison partner . To simulate content dissemination , we need realistic graph datasets , and models for content generation and propaga- tion . We show that social networks are being used on Digg for social filtering . This was driven by the TA guidance noting that NO2 emissions from Enron or subsidiaries were relevant . It was determined that an impact on the environment was required for relevance , and that all Enron subsidiaries would be treated as relevant . Our experiments were run on a single core of a multi-core machine with an Intel Xeon CPU X5570 2.93GHz and 8M cache . Anecdotally , the increase is due to inclusion of sophisticated navigational and interface elements and the JavaScript functions to support them . The Adult data set is a census data previously used in 2 , 8 , 10 , 18 . Last.fm lists 26 music genres . We also examined the use of different mathematical models of epidemic spread in the context of Internet memes . However , it has to be mentioned that the runtime processing of documents leads to huge overhead as opposed to annotating the whole clueweb corpus in advance . The popularity of the system has resulted in a database that contains almost 3 million unique works , collaboratively added by more than 300 ,000 users . Social tagging aka folksonomy is popular in Web 2.0 applications , such as Delicious , CiteULike , Last.fm , Flickr and YouTube . A sample of existing test collections includes those produced in TREC 1 , CLEF 2 , and NTCIR 3 , where most of the target documents are newspaper articles and abstracts in technical publications . 3 A few users are very active in digging stories , e.g . The global statistics of these two datasets as used in our experiments are summarized in Table 2 . This means that in all these cases there were no common links , and thus f x , y was zero . The high precision of the novel facts of the novelty classes B 1 , i , B 1 , ii , and B 2 on average 281293 = 0.959 shows that especially in cases where the entities are already known as it is usually the case , our system is able to retrieve high-quality novel facts . For the itemintrinsic view description view , we use the businesses ' names . This suggests that for a larger collection like the WT10g , risk adjustment is even more favorable than for smaller collections . In the previous example , President Obama and Barack Obama shall be the same answer candidate , as both can be linked to the entity Barack Obama in Freebase ; 2 Entity types stored in KBs can be naturally used to determine the types of an answer candidate . We hypothesize that related article suggestions compensate for cases where PubMed results are poor whether due to difficulties in query formulation or lack of relevance ranking . While the lack of true relevance assessments for the NTCIR intents is a limitation of this study , our pseudo-qrels do provide partial answers to our research question : our initial results suggest that the choice of intents may in fact affect relative performances , and that this choice may be more important than how many intents are selected for each topic . Similarity graphs of ClueWeb and YMusic are denser and Stage 1 can be too aggressive in making the light partitions absorb too much comparison computation . Many works in the AIWeb communities e.g . This ranking is used in our experiments as a gold standard in order to evaluate the effectiveness of several feature combinations for the task of assessing the quality of scientific conferences . While it is not very surprising when commercial-quality IR software performs reasonably well at searching a fraction of the gov2 collection already known to contain many documents relevant to the topics , it might be surprising if searching the same fraction of gov2 over many new MQ topics yielded comparable IR performance results . The results retrieved using the 10 relevance models are merged into a final ranking based on their retrieval scores . We show how we used the framework to study and evaluate three very different prediction algorithms , including one new highly accurate , scalable method , on the full EachMovie 1 data set see Section 4. , our approach deploys the collective knowledge that resides in Flickr without introducing tagclass specific heuristics . Finally , Flickr posts have more common locations with the corresponding Twitter account than Yelp posts do . WordNet offers a machine-readable and comprehensive conceptual system for English words . See the 2006 TREC Legal Track overview paper for additional details about the IIT CDIP 1.0 collection 9 . One way of doing this is to use the noun classes of WordNet . We will publish new queries on demand , and synchronize participants with the NTCIR events . The next generation CiteSeer is far more than a debugged version of CiteSeer . In the case of the External Reference and PubMed lenses Pubmed is the name of a literature database , and this lens shows a list of referenced publications , resources named by LSID were found . GOV document numbers into . We cleaned and filtered the tags associated with each book to obtain the sets that we ultimately use in our experiments . '2007 Boulder , Colorado , USA This paper examines how people use Flickr : specifically , how they find new images to view . To address spam effects in ClueWeb , we filtered out the spammiest documents from the result lists those assigned a spam score below 50 by Waterloo 's clas- sifier 4 and retained the original ranking for the residual corpus . Between them , these graphs capture a wide variety of social relations e.g . In conclusion we believe that the BBC and their users can largely benefit from the better connected ecosystem of content we are creating , and we hope that more content providers will join us on that road of interlinking content with the Linking Open Data project and in particular with DBpedia and MusicBrainz to create more meaningful navigation paths not only within websites but across the whole web . In contrast , our algorithm finds both exact matches and similar matches . Some users digg stories they like the best and share them with other users ; some users digg stories as a means to boost their profiles within the community e.g . The dataset consists of 37.232 books tagged by 7.279 users with in total 10.559 different tags . With such an approach , we run SVM as normal at the beginning , and the user gets images without any additional interaction . PsycINFO , PubMed , arXiv are repositories for academic publications . With regards to the data , we selected a Flickr subset , from the group Plant directory By using VIPS , we obtained totally 602 ,029 blocks . Although there are some complaints about filtering genuine reviews , considering the huge number of filtered reviews in Yelp some false positives are possible . Such systems provide a community-driven , organic approach to classifying information and resources on the Web , so that they can be browsed , discovered and re-used . These fields included the PubMed identifier PMID , title , abstract , and MeSH headings . In order to evaluate the accuracy of Inter-Connection , we did the following . We can see that the accuracy gradually increases with more iterations and converges after 30–35 iterations . The Zeri collection is already contained in Europeana and Europeana is moving towards a LOD creation . The MovieLens dataset is from GroupLens Research . Thus , browsing related articles appears to be an integral part of PubMed searchers ' activities . Figure 6shows the Ink Blot views for sample email texts written by an Enron employee not directly associated with the scandal before and after the scandal . It includes 8 classes and 1459 samples in total . When broken down over P @ 5 , we see that Yelp performs well throughout , and Foursquare is better than Facebook at lower precision levels , but Facebook excels at the higher precision levels . On Last.fm , native links also show higher similarity than Facebook copied links , which in turn show higher similarity than Facebook links which were deliberately not copied . As a result , we count with the ratings and names for more than 55 thousand businesses . Standard deviations were ≤ 0.006 on MovieLens and Dianping and were ≤ 0.05 on Yahoo ! eXtended WordNet Knowledge Base XWN-KB is the result of LCC 's ongoing research which captures and stores the rich world knowledge encoded in WordNet 's glosses into a knowledge base . Moreover , our algorithms results in a 2821 % and 389 % increase of retweet rate and a 338 % and 523 % increase of coverage compared with an ordinary tweet from Twitter and Sina Weibo , which further confirms the effectiveness of our algorithm on boosting the diffusion of a tweet . Moreover , there are some small clusters in these two datasets which only contain no more than 5 documents . The movie details screen displays movie information including up to 30 of a movie 's tags . We propose to use a subgraph of the entire object relationship graph to efficiently search for good propagation factors ; iii The experiments are done in the context of Libra , an object-level Web search prototype indexing 1 million papers . We also generated a dataset using LUBM 13 – a synthetic data generator provided by Lehigh University – with over 10 ,000 universities which gave 1 ,335 ,081 ,176 unique triples with 217 ,206 ,845 subjects , 18 predicates , and 161 ,413 ,042 objects . In Information Retrieval , there was a debate whether WordNet is suitable for experimentation see the discussion in 24. an ontology composed of a taxonomy of concepts : WordNet 5 . By comparing results between last.fm and whrrl.com datasets , we find that the friend influence in whrrl.com is smaller than that in last.fm . A few participants did not understand the notion of public institutions , and how they compared to private corporations like Facebook . We filter the test articles from the PubMed dataset to contain only documents with available section information and no duplicate heading names , resulting in 633 documents . Because of various internal limits in the experimental SearchServer version used for WT100g , we indexed WT100g in 12 tables more than proved to be necessary . Based on our experiments the best performance on both tweets and Enron datasets is achieved when we set the length of time periods to one month . We believe that the digg rate , particularly in the initial several hours , is very important to story promotion . In particular , the study described in 4 worked with two social bookmarking systems Connotea connotea.org and CiteUlike citeulike.org where the tagging population tends to be from Academia . In Last.fm , however , there is no significant difference between closeness of copied and uncopied friends . In WordNet , synsets are interlinked by means of conceptualsemantic and lexical relations . Since we lacked labeled data for BibServ , we used the parameters learned on Cora with appropriate modifications to perform inference on BibServ . Since everv noun in WordNet is in an IS-A hierarchy indeed possib~y more than one hierarchies , for every user defined entity , the category could be determined as long as the entity type is found in WordNet . The basic statistics of these three data sets are shown in Table 1 . gov2 to reduce noise from the queries , and the POS n-grams extracted from WT10G to reduce noise from the index of . StumbleUpon stumbleupon.com is a recommender system that uses collaborative filtering CF an automated process combining human opinions with machine learning of personal preference to create virtual communities of like-minded Web surfers . It contains about 0.5M emails from about 150 users , mostly senior management of Enron . The ER data graph . This network is called the web of trust , and is used by Epinions to re-order the product reviews such that a user first sees reviews by users that they trust . Leverage existing knowledge bases : Knowledge bases provide a portal to access full spectrum of information about entities . To understand the properties of the models , we evaluate the systems ' ability to recover the original coordinates assigned to a random sample of held-out Flickr photos . Chapanond et al . Some of the properties of WT10G dataset are as follows : Regions corresponding to images of tiger , cougar , cat , horse , cow , etc . The MovieLens http : www.grouplens.orgnode73 dataset is widely used in the literature to evaluate collaborative filtering methods . In total , our Last.fm dataset consists of 9 , 694 artists , 455 , 457 users and 2 , 993 , 222 comments . We evaluated the algorithm using two movie ratings data sets : EachMovie 1 and Netflix 2 . Atlas 1 by Facebook allows advertisers to serve ads across third-party websites and mobile apps . Here we first discuss the datasets , i.e . The metadata database of CiteSeer is mirrored periodically sync-ed , and additional metadata items are extracted to address the different requirements induced by OAI compliance . The objective of the NTCIR Web Task is 'to research the retrieval of Web documents that have a structure with tags and links , and that are written in Japanese or English ' . The datasets used in the examples can be found at UCI Machine Learning database http : www.ics.uci.edu~mlearn . The experiment randomizes whether individuals are exposed via Facebook to information about their friends ' sharing behavior , thereby devising two worlds under which information spreads : one in which certain information can only be acquired external to Facebook , and another in which information can be acquired within or external to Facebook . Because we perform outof-sample evaluation , our results are more generalisable . All of them used the webpages of the aggregator websites such as Yelp , Google Places , Foursquare and Trip Advisor . Such choices can have serious implications : For example , on February the 2nd 2007 , Geonames 1 was hit by what appeared to be the first distributed denial of service attack against a Semantic Web site 2 . This allows users to easily visualize the location and magnitude of earthquakes using a graphical interface . During this procedure , proteins contained in records are identified and their features are annotated according to the controlled-vocabulary dictionary . The user-item interaction data user ratings in MovieLens , artist playcounts in Last.fm is split into training and test sets , following common experimental practice in the Recommender Systems field 13 , where the test data are used as the equivalent of relevance judgments . Facebook allows advertisers to choose their targeted audience by demographics . , do not properly invalidate session tokens on logout see Table 2for a complete list . MusicBrainz for musical work may provide a higher probability for discovering the correct match than a general knowledge base . The overall scenario emerging from the comparison shows that different metrics promote different types of photos . These share a target We also used the test collection produced for NTCIR- 5 15 . Flickr also permits users to tag photos created by others . For the ClueWeb tracks , the integration often posts statistically significant improvements . 11 , which is crawled from Sina Weibo , the most popular social network website in China . Therefore , differentiating between legitimate and illegitimate web monsters becomes a fundamental task of any crawler . Unsurprisingly , only about 5 % of the papers presented in ICWSM 2013 were about Facebook , and nearly all of them were co-authored with Facebook data scientists . Text retrieval experiments require not just documents , but queries and relevance judgments . CiteSeer maintains the database of documents and citations , but has no intrinsic knowledge on the field of concentration of the documents . We used CiteSeer 5 to create a test bed in order to understand the merits of the proposed approach . The remainder of this paper is structured as follows . We ran all 10 ,000 of chosen web queries against each of the databases , using the same query configuration for each run using 18 processors of the Cambridge Cluster . The TDD approach lets us build suffix trees on large frequently used sequence datasets such as UniProtTrEMBL 2 in a few minutes . For example , eBay the company mediates interactions between buyers and sellers on eBay 's website . M contained the variants of any term in the topic description that was found to match a MeSH term . SVD does not show significant improvement , k-means improves only for Last.fm , and NMF does better for Last.fm but worse for Yelp . The geo-location used is based on the 'home ' location of the user , as converted by the Geonames server www.geonames.org . One of the co-authors manually formulated PubMed queries interactively for each of the topics in the TREC 2005 genomics track test collection 49 topics . As mentioned in Section 1 , we used a greedy learning algorithm in conjunction with a Bayesian scoring criterion . LibraryThing 1 is an online web service that allows users to create a tagged catalog of the books they own or have read . We evaluate performance on several real-world text data sets . Hence , when computational cost is concerned , Facebook categories are more favorable . Every airport , for each time period has an on-time arrival percentage and an on-time departure percentage . In the Third NTCIR Workshop NTCIR-3 , which was a TREC-style evaluation forum for research and development on information retrieval and natural language processing , the authors of this paper organized the Patent Retrieval Task 1 . Additionally , we plan to show examples taken from the recent THALIA benchmark for information integration 5 . We choose Flickr network as it is much denser than the Youtube network . We collected interpretations of lyrics from songmeanings.com , where music listeners share and discuss their understanding of lyrics by posting comments about millions of songs . However , the performance of NDPE AER=0.48 % is still much better than FDA AER=6.37 % on PIE database with 5 samples per subject used in training stage . For efficiency CiteSeer supports concurrent download of multiple documents . On Corel 5K and IAPR TC12 , all comparative methods are required to annotate each image with 5 most relevant keywords . More domains . These submissions were pooled , producing a set of approximately 300 ,000 documents per topic . The intuition is that category features may be too generic to capture useful correlations with the eBay categories that need to be predicted ; or even worse , there may be no Facebook categories predictive of an eBay category . Among others , they used citations instead of words to find similar scientific articles . A simple search using sameas.org , for example , connects 194 of the discovered VIAF person URIs to DBPedia , 120 to DBtune , 110 to the BBC and many others to individual library catalogues . All of these datasets are commonly used benchmark datasets in evaluating recommendation performance . The UniProtKBSwiss-Prot Protein Knowledgebase is a curated protein sequence database that provides a high level of annotation , a minimal level of redundancy and a high level of integration with other databases . Hurst 's study 24 hours of blog pings was a first foray into collecting and analyzing the locations of bloggers 4 . More and more information providers , however , create interfaces that can be used to query the information . We noted that ontology mismatches arise when there are many parochial models of a domain rather than one unified model , and we described a process of progressive resolution of mismatches . Table 1represents the reduced inventory for LIBRA . Originally , CiteSeer has more than 40 request types recorded in its logs . , pictures , bookmarks , or books from the query initiator that contain at least one of the query tags , in order to understand the personal context of the query initiator . , digging stories solely to boost her profile in the Digg community or using an automatic script . A separate effort that has shown much promise is OverCite , a re-implemenation of CiteSeer within a peerto-peer architecture based on distributed hash tables 15 . In particular , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains . Table 1shows statistics on the basic CS 's and their properties for the synthetic RDF benchmark datasets LUBM 2 , SP2B 3 , and BSBM 4 , the originally relational datasets converted to RDF MusicBrainz 5 , EuroStat 6 , and DBLP 7 , PubMed 8 and the native RDF datasets WebDataCommons 9 WebData . ### Netflix is the training data set for the Netflix Prize competition . These tracks are also displayed on their profile page and can optionally be shared to Facebook . Concepts in Freebase were missing for fewer terms than in DBpedia , and there were less cases where two terms in a term-pair corresponded to the same URI . The 2008 Legal Track used the same collection as the 2006 and 2007 Legal Tracks , the IIT Complex Document Information Processing CDIP Test Collection , version 1.0 referred to here as IIT CDIP 1.0 which is based on documents released under the tobacco Master Settlement Agreement MSA . Friendship . We here demonstrate a service for the enrichment of Europeana MRs that has been developed in the context of ASSETS , a project funded by the European Commission and aimed at developing new value-added , content-based services for Europeana . Figure 4 b depicts the percentage of rating actions affected by social or correlational influence that are solely influenced by social influence denoted by ϕr ,1 versus total number of rating actions for Epinions and Flickr . Using the 127 informational queries and the 168 navigational queries in NTCIR-3 and NTCIR-4 , we evaluated the effectiveness of our query classification method . Beyond that there are the following subsections to the analysis form : The form has the appropriate census and MR data extracted from the MR database . In addition to aggregate queries such as the above , we show navigation by following data links between these sets . The precision of Inter-Connection is the highest , because compared to prior measures , Inter-Connection can compute the similarity scores properly in all P1 , P2 , and P3 cases . Our first user experiment on real-world personal images indicates that semantic diversity is greater on everyday personal photos when compared to the Corel dataset . While the machine had 64GB memory , our implementation of HETEROMF consumed only 1GB memory on the largest dataset Flixster . The context-independent queries combined with new location information are sent to multiple Web search engines , such as Google , Yelp , Yellow Pages , and Bing , to crawl and build a large pool of potential contextual suggestions . The explanation is : 1 Digg users do not often reciprocate their fans by pointing back and thus creating friend links , as indicated by the low link symmetry we have revealed ; and 2 Digg user activities are centered on submitting and digging stories , which are more effective than simply connecting to others in boosting their profiles within the Digg community 1 . Three types of servers are logged : player-vs-environment PvE , player-vs-player PvP , and role playing RP . Hosts-BD indicating whether a blog is hosted by BlogDrive is unhelpful , Hosts-BS indicating whether a blog is hosted by BlogSpot consistently improves over the baseline , Hosts-LJ indicating whether a blog is hosted by LiveJournal helps even more , leading to a performance of over 80 % correctly classified . We crawled the Computer Science Directory of the CiteSeer Library 6 to obtain a list of research papers . This data set is also from UCI machine learning repository . We use the original TREC 2006 query log for the gov2 collection . The first goal is to explore if users ' Facebook information is correlated with the eBay categories from which the users buy . Note that RMSE values for different contexts are computed separately and Rtest in the above equation is the test data for a specific context . , blog entries , photos , videos , books , bookmarks , most community platforms follow a common pattern . Additionally , since many adult users of Facebook have 200 or more Facebook friends 31 , these posts are less private than they realize . Corel image collection : 528 images distributed over 30 categories . Moreover , two kinds of rich information in KBs , entity description texts and entity types , will be naturally utilized to develop semantic features for downstream answer candidate ranking . The second table contained CD3 , CD4 and the last 4 directories of CD5 WTX101-WTX104 . It is compiled by the United States National Library of Medicine NLM and freely accessible via the PubMed interface . We used these IDs to obtain the MEDLINE record for each article either from the ad hoc track data , or by downloading from PubMed . Some of these actions are not being used in CiteSeer anymore . Firstly we investigate the predictive performance on the MovieLens data set . The IIT CDIP 1.0 collection is based on a snapshot , generated between November 2005 and January 2006 , of the MSA subcollection of the LTDL . Comparing the innovation coefficients of these two cases , p = 0.2748 for ER and p = 0.0756 for MovieLens , we can tell that ER system has higher percentage of innovators than MovieLens system , which is reasonable because the documents in ER system are more timesensitive than the movies in MovieLens system . The post body describes that this request is a real request from a real person who needs help , rather than a spam message . We evaluate the proposed method with six corpora TIPSTER Volume 1-3 1 , ClueWeb09-T09B 2 , Tweets2011 Twitter 3 , SogouT 2.0 4 , Baidu Zhidao 5 , Sina Weibo 6 . , recommend queries related to events or exhibitions . To find documents potentially containing answers to the test topics , one of the researchers built manual PubMed queries to search MEDLINE . Section 2 introduces the theory behind the study , which is tested in Section 3 on a selection of UCI ' I datasets . Pay . The places that the observations were recorded at are represented by a URI from GeoNames . This paper uses several common UCI 16 and realworld datasets , summarized in Table 1 . We set α = 0.3 and α = 0.1 for NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 , respectively . Figure 1shows the results returned by the Citeseer X algorithm search engine using query shortest path . Research aimed at integrating the worlds of folksonomies and controlled vocabularies has also been conducted . Comparing to these datasets , CCMR 's advantage is its scale , completeness and comprehensiveness . The comparison of every pair of white all pairs vs. red friends-only box plots , show that friends have greater agreement in general . 2000 users were randomly selected from those who have rated more than 40 movies . It is clear that CiteSeer has far fewer single and two authored papers . , they form a parallel corpus . Voorhees ' 27 used WordNet for adding synonyms of query terms whereas we use WordNet to add synonyms and substantial hyponyms of the top N ranked keyphrases . To do so , we select random non-malicious users to provide bought ratings ; each one of these users is simulated to provide one additional highly positive rating on the Yelp business that is trying to manipulate the ratings . Our second dataset is a repository of the emails exchanged internally among the employees at the Enron Corporation , obtained through a subpoena as part of an investigation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC and then made public . Our next set of experiments evaluate our proposed model on data from Facebook www.facebook.com . Note that this , as well as the earlier conclusion , generally holds for all the annual subsets of Flixster datasets . Each image is segmented into about 10 regions , and a feature is extracted from each region . While last.fm includes only events in the area of music such as concerts , upcoming provides all different kind of events which are of public interest . The decision field refers to the presence of heart disease in the patient . Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach . Also , some results of nearby search are not similar with examples . The models are built on the tag sets from public Flickr photos . ASSETS is a two-year Best Practice Network co-funded by the CIP PSP Programme to improve the accessibility and usability of Europeana . In order to do this , we first identified the Yelp category labels associated with each individual user profile example by querying Yelp with the title and the location of the example . 4 , three binary classifiers are used as baselines : NaiveBayes , SVM with linear kernel and J48 , a decision tree type classifier . Flickr , Deli.cio.us , LibraryThing , LinkedIn , heterogeneous graphs are formed by encoding users , their postings like photos , bookmarks , book descriptions , ratings , etc . Different from Twitter 's API , which is restricted in retrieving mention and retweet timelines , Weibo 's API allows us to get all the tweets from a user 's different timelines . Section 4 presents the experimental evaluation on selected UCI domains . The point is that it is worthwhile to design good retrieval systems to cover smaller topic areas . For the non-ClueWeb settings , the feature functions , in descending order of attributed importance , are : stdv-qsim , max-sw2 , geo-qsim , min-sw2 , max-sw1 , max-qsim , min-dsim , geo-sw2 , min-icompress , min-qsim , min-sw1 , geo-icompress , max-dsim , geo-dsim , max-icompress , geo-entropy , min-entropy , geo-sw1 , max-entropy . In the case of 1 , the projection condition is significantly better than training on gov2 alone and testing on ClueWeb09 , but not true for Wt10g . Another tool suggesting web pages to users is StumbleUpon 16 . The dataset we used for evaluation is Epinions 1 dataset . The numbers in the middle column show the AUC of a model trained on Facebook data for predicting the demographics of Facebook users . The first indicator Q 0 F is equal to 42.74 % denoting that the vocabulary the users use to pose queries to the folksonomy differs from the folksonomy per se . However , even in the presence of this gap , a cross-comparison of all sets is still possible . In order to leverage PubMed to provide evidence-based decision support to clinicians at the point-of-care , it is necessary to develop strategies to retrieve literature relevant to specic patients . Therefore it comes as no surprise that Lifelong Digital Libraries are receiving increasing attention within the research community . Examples of such networks are Slashdot and Epinions . Review specific sites Epinions , Zagat allow users to give feedback on various products . Then , two faculties and five graduates from CS provided human judgments . The first step in the process is to use the Europeana XML Namespace http : europeana.euschemasese and augment existing systems ' configuration in order to support the additional ESE elements . As clearly observed in the table , on Corel 5K , NW-RNN gains comparable performance with RNN in N + , but loses a lot a in terms of P and R respectively . Two real-life networks , DBLP and Freebase , and several synthetic graphs were used in our experiments . In other words different types of user behaviors can be formulated as a rating action . If the Flixster dataset has the mappings from movie id to movie name , it would be easy to inspect the actual recommendation results of our approach . Our ad-hoc reasoner infers new RDF statements with respect to RDFS type propagation ; and owl : sameAs and transitivity of the parentFeature property of GeoNames schema . To demonstrate how WordNet assists the user in defining the community schema , we show the following . Thus we were also eager to see how LSI would work on the IIT Complex Document Information Processing IIT CDIP test collection , which contains approximately 7 million documents 57 GB of uncompressed text . From the experiments above , we notice that : 1 . And PMID , PubMed Identifier . We used the census ' variables related to people and buildings Table 1 , which were defined at various geographic levels . For even better visibility of old books on the internet , an interaction between Europeana and EOD search engine has been established . The search can be restricted to a number of topics of interest using the classes in Geonames . Among other results , we saw that users of the Digg social news service predominantly react to recent memes and users of the StumbleUpon recommendation engine appear to be interested mostly in sophisticated memes . Once the new question is delivered to the server , the Communication Module calls the Sina Weibo Search API to obtain a raw result data set of real-time conversations about the location i.e . For a given query , the flow starts with obtaining search results for the particular query . The minimum distance in MovieLens dataset is 5.1 , representing the distance between two movies in the 'Halloween Series ' : 'Halloween 4 : The Return of Michael Myers 1988 ' , and 'Halloween 5 : The Revenge of Michael Myers 1989 ' . Geonames is generally richer than our database but a hefty chunk of its content points towards administrative regions around 50 % and hotels . We used four query sets for experimenting our query classification method . We used benchmark datasets available from the UCI Machine Learning Repository . Following Meij et al . For instance the Pay team self-organized into a round-robin on-call duty for 24h monitoring of their payment service Pay . The models based on Lasso take more time fit models than SVM-based methods for both posts done on walls of Facebook users and organizations ' Facebook pages . Simply restricting the branching factor or the maximum number of pageshosts per domain is not a viable solu-tion since there is a number of legitimate sites that contain over a hundred million pages and over a dozen million virtual hosts i.e . Existing Europeana objects , that the user has included in the UoW in order to link them to new objects see below as values of some property , or in order to enrich them with new descriptions . Thousands of private and public institutions spread across the European Union are served by Europeana , ranging from major museums of international fame , to libraries of regional or domain-specific scope . EachMovie dataset , we extracted a subset of 2 ,000 users with more than 40 ratings . This uses raw data from the Department of Interior to get the latitude , longitude and descriptions about earthquakes observed in the past seven days . When a user submits a story , the story is first placed on the upcoming stories section , which is the place where users browse recently submitted stories and digg what they like the best . It is also interesting that correlations between Facebook and the remaining metrics only seem to rely on Facebook shares since correlations between Facebook shares and other metrics are consistently higher than to any other Facebook metric . We tested our system on articles targeting treatment efficiency studies in the PubMed publication repository . Instead , string searches including date strings , where available were carried out through the VIAF SRU API and MusicBrainz API . We locate the corresponding Wikipedia article and use the above method to determine the concepts . Our approaches work independent of standard privacy measures , such as disabling tracking cookies or using anonymizing proxies . Many people named in either resource were n't directly involved with the music , such as dedicatees or printers , or authors of secondary literature . Two representative datasets were chosen to evaluate our proposed scheme , namely , Netflix 11 and Movielens 6 . We show that while WT10g is small , structurally it does resemble larger web crawls that have been studied . This step reduced the number of Freebase facts that could be republished by about 42 million facts from 3 billion facts in the original corpus , i.e . For example , the matrix of the EachMovie dataset is reportedly sparse 5 % full 5 . Although Google Scholar indexes at least an order of magnitude more documents than CiteSeer , CiteSeer remains competitive as an open archive and offers more features . We are currently doing additional cleanup and formatting of the XML records in preparation for distribution to TREC 2006 participants see below . Epinions is a who-trust-whom online social web site for product review . A series of experiments were conducted on four real-world datasets : MovieLens-100K , MovieLens-1M , DianPing and Yahoo ! Music . Each user WS is endowed with an Outbox . This approach give satisfactory results in the absence of Clueweb dataset . 5 with respect to Π u . eBay Price Watch aims to find eBay items within a certain price range . For each consenting user , we had access to their Last.fm social graph , basic profile information and their Facebook username . This subset consists of open-access full-text biomedical articles that are provided by the PubMed Central 2 PMC . The fourth dataset , Census , was extracted from the United States Census Bureau . COREL does not have the ability to reason about the legal concepts contained in its database . We choose the Yelp 1 and Dianping 2 datasets Table 2 for experimentations . 7 is to annotate offerings in eBay auctions with the product categories and product properties in eClassOWL 22 . Data streams are compared at 8 different disparities simultaneously . We experimented with Freebase 1 as alternative knowledge source . Figure 8shows the compression results of RadixZip as a ratio against bzip2 on the ad clicks data . 2006 ; Kairam , Wang , and Leskovec 2012 and some work has been dedicated to understanding interactions in Flickr groups Nov , Naaman , and Ye 2008 . We describe how the social photosharing site Flickr 1 implements this feature . The second dataset is MovieLens dataset 4 , which consists of 1 ,000 ,209 anonymous ratings of approximately 3 ,900 movies made by 6 ,040 MovieLens users who joined MovieLens in 2000 . We present experimental results for DMNB on UCI data , and for DLDA on text . Yelp relies on users to add and update venue information . For example , PubMed advanced search feature 3 , 4 , PubMed auto query suggestions 5 , PubMed automatic term mapping 6 , and PubMed related article feature 7 are some of the PubMed supplementary tools to enhanced information retrieval from PubMed . SNER extracts location information from each tweet message , and then it returns a set of geonames as location information . In our experiments we take five random 80-20 % splits of the MovieLens data and repeat for 5-fold cross-validation . We use two different datasets for our experiments , one is the freely available collections of tweets crawled from Twitter over a period of six months in 2009 14 6 and the other is the Enron Email corpus 5 . Besides , restaurants ' inherent characteristics also affect customers ' choices and the restaurants ' profits . Our final experiment investigates retrieval quality using the graded relevance judgments that are available for web collections such as gov2 and ClueWeb09B . The PopRank model and the PPF estimation algorithms proposed in the paper are fully implemented and evaluated in the context of Libra . Social tags were collected from LibraryThing 3 and book texts mainly from Project Gutenberg . With the observations of radioactivity in multiple geographical locations cities in our case and information about their upper administrative divisions prefectures in Japan retrievable from GeoNames , interesting analyses become possible . However , none of records have any genre labels . Groups in Flickr are self-organized communities to share photos and conversations with common interests . For instance , StumbleUpon 1 is a personalized recommender engine that suggests web pages based on a user 's past ratings , ratings by friends , ratings by users with similar interests , and topics of interest selected by the user from a list of nearly 500 subjects . Similarly , Zheng et . Even when compared against a common dataset , the best offline algorithms may not be the best recommender systems in real-world settings . It represents CiteSeer as a FISC community with a sensible structure , and provides an ideal platform for qualitative user experiments . Team Pay is responsible for the Buckster service that contains all payments-related functionality such as user subscriptions , fraud detection , and reporting . A tableau representation of full dependencies with data values is studied in 34 , which focuses on condensed representation of repairs and consistent query answers . That is because the collection of census data is conducted every 10 years in the UK and , as such , the census indicators are bound to remain unchanged in a 4-year time window . These two collections represent two different collection types , namely a news wire collection disk4 & 5 and a Web collection WT10G . In addition , we will compare with a number of different colour and texture feature extraction methods to see which one or combination can allow the networks to learn and map the best into high-level semantics . In addition , similar to the results on Movielens-1M and EachMovie , rankingoriented algorithms , both pairwise and listwise CF , achieve more accurate predictions than rating-oriented CF PointCF . data collection and Enron Corpus . , stories they recently submitted and voted for . fb1912 : an ego-network obtained from Facebook . Finally , Peetz , Meij , and de Rijke 9 investigate the effect of temporal bursts in estimating query models . We compute precision , recall and F-score for detection of relevant opinionated sentences . There are 22 first-level categories . with topics and with email address , we defined the weights as the probability of derivation 1.0 if it is certain . We do not include edges formed by Facebook 'subscriptions ' in our study , nor do we include Facebook 'pages ' or connections from users to such pages . The third task is useful for automatically labeling and identifying a particular region of an image . the thesaurus partly to the Dutch AATNed 9 thesaurus and partly to GeoNames 10 . b ϕr ,1 Figure 4 : a Relative strength of transitivity and selection for Epinions and Flickr . b Proximity : The association between the keywords and the entity instances is not equally probable with respect to how tightly they appear in the web page . The purpose of the systems in the upper part of Figure 1is to support an individual in locating interesting documents , and possibly managing that relevant subset of the larger collection . Across all instances , the gap between the performance of the twostage heuristic and other algorithms increases as the the budget B increases . Freebase encodes its knowledge far more redundantly than Wikidata . We use dynamically sized grid cells , to account for these differences . For example , the property peoplepersonplaceofbirth has the corresponding reverse property locationlocationpeoplebornhere that encodes exactly the same semantic information . On the other hand the FQ 0 indicator equals to 88.13 % , which means that the folksonomy satisfies the queries posed to it . While faster dynamic analysis frameworks exist for finding particular errors leveraging compiler support to reduce overhead , they sacrifice precision while continuing to impose substantial overhead that would impede their use in deployed settings . The MovieLens dataset we adopt in this paper is a relatively small dataset contains 100 ,000 user-item ratings scale from 1 to 5 rated by 943 users on 1 ,642 items . We focus on Sina Weibo , since it is the largest microblogging service in China . Table 13– Scalability Results for VLC2 experiments The Scalability results are given in table 13 . Such people rarely occur in MusicBrainz , explaining the threefold difference in matches between the two authorities . The related citation list for each article in PubMed is pre-calculated , and pre-sorted according the PMRA value 7 . The optimal value of α was determined by preliminary experiments . One approach to deal with misbehavior is to de-anonymize users , on the hypothesis that requiring users to reveal their identities will then force users to behave . This dataset is a subset of the Yelp Challenge Dataset YDC 7 , which is from the greater Phoenix , AZ metropolitan , including 11 , 537 items businesses , 229 , 907 comments and 43 , 873 users . For example , Yahoo currently reports indexing 1.2 billion objects just within its own domain and blogspot claims over 50 million users , each with a unique hostname . This will allow us to better understand the strengths and weaknesses of our approach . With Epinions , the transfer from all three other networks : Slashdot , Wikivote , Twitter benefits the recommendation performance evaluated by both AU C and P re @ 30 metrics . The second CiteSeer model assumes that the papers are obtained by a crawl of the Web . Therefore , our proposed framework are effective for handling unbalanced datasets such as RCV-Industry and RCV-Topic datasets . As already mentioned , users can issue queries to Europeana in order to retrieve objects . Note that in this example , if T2 represents a Flickr image post , and t3 the automated Tweet for the image post , then T2 − t3 represents the delay resulting from desynchronized clocks between Flickr and Twitter . ROBUST consists of mainly newswire articles , WT10G contains Web pages that can be of low quality e.g . Figure 3shows the prediction accuracy in each iteration on all thèthè 3 2 ´ = 3 pairs of networks . URIs ; DBpedia and LinkedMDB describe overlapping films . Epinions , plays two different roles : trusters who trust others and trustees who are trusted by others . We followed our previous successful approach of using proximity information in Terabyte Track Metzler et al . CiteSeer has proven its usefulness to the computer and information science communities . To collect the official homepages of entities , we query the combined Dbpedia and Freebase datasets for the values of dbpedia : homepage , dbpedia : url , and foaf : homepage for each entity of the type organizationorganization in Freebase . , 2007 . We conducted our study electronically using Facebook . To consider this question , we tested our distributed EDLSI with folding-up system on a subset of the IIT CDIP corpus using the TREC 2007 queries . The experiments reported here are based on the annotated images from the Corel data set by Dugulu et al . In contrast , in some application scenarios such as MovieLens 9 and Netflix 10 , social network information is not available . Ranking was carried out using a Dirichletsmoothed language model . In our experiments , we used DBLP data , which was downloaded in March 2009 , and the citation information was obtained from Libra . Recognizing that newsprint differs substantially from social media both in content and velocity , the research community began experimenting with new social media sources like blogs , but real gains came when microblogging platforms began their rise in popularity . For example , the query charlie brown shapes in the sky was incorrectly linked to the Wikipedia page List of The Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show episodes , and i cant get playstation network to reset my password to PlayStation Network outage . From the instances of Geonames , we found commonly used properties such as geo-onto : alternateName , wgs84 pos : alt , and geoonto : countryCode , etc . Dataset and Methodology . It identifies Enron as a subject of extreme passion in the news for a period of almost two years after its collapse . As a result , we extracted a representative enough portion of the last.fm social network comprising of 3148 users , 30520 tracks , 12565 tags and 5616 unique bonds of friendship among the users collected , which we made freely available for other researches at 2 collected in November 2008 . The proposed framework was first evaluated on synthetic leakage workloads , which were generated by dynamically removing 5 % of deallocations during the execution of the SPEC CPU2006 benchmark suite . When a new user first registers on StumbleUpon , they are asked to select the topics they are most interested in from a list of 500 topics . Because we only annotated page-keyword pairs , we could not report the performance of category selection algorithm in this paper and we will consider it as future work . PubMed 3 computes the relatedness between two papers using text-based similarities between paper titles , abstracts , and assigned MeSH terms 5 . IIT CDIP 1.0 had strengths and weaknesses as a collection for the Legal Track . Finally , for the WT10G collection , relevance models improve 32 queries and hurt 16 , and LCE improves 35 and hurts 14 . As an example , consider the tags must read and mysteries in the LibraryThing dataset . The data set this year was the same as that used in the last year -the EDRM Enron v2 dataset which consisted of Enron emails and their native attachments separately provided . In 2013 , the NTCIR-10 Math pilot task 2 for MIR attracted 6 participants and used 100 ,000 arXiv documents with a dataset size of 63GB . MovieLens users often ask for the opportunity to rate movies on a more diverse set of dimensions . Search topics are also in Japanese . We use the Freebase schema to map between the two knowledge bases using attributes : wikipediaentitle and wikipediaen . The selected cutoff values are meaningful : Since each abstract view in PubMed displays the top five related articles , P5 directly quantifies the user 's browsing experience . We can conclude that the anchor text model was effective in improving the accuracy of navigational Web retrieval . On disk1 & 2 , . In the text data set we discover relationships between words . It achieved infamy at the end of 2001 , when it was revealed that it was reported financial condition sustained mostly by institutionalized , systematic , and creatively planned accounting fraud . We therefore explored Yelp as the data source for identifying candidates . There is , however , one component of the task that is decidedly anomalous to what one could expect in a typical responsive review of 2009 : the document collection , or , more specifically , the quality of the OCRing of the document collection . YUMA is being developed in the scope of the EuropeanaConnect project 2 and is currently being showcased as part of the Europeana ThoughtLab 3 , an online demonstration area for various initiatives carried out by partners of the Europeana 4 cultural heritage portal . The second dataset , Censusage , workshop , education , marital-status , occupation , relationship , race , sex , capital-gain , capital-loss , hours-per-week , nativecountry , is the United States Census database made up of 45 ,000 tuples which we obtained from the UCI data repository . Different from the similarity aggregation without dependency M & C pattern , it is not necessary to map the attributes when the user triggers the merge or fuse operator because the worksheets have the same schema . Edgar companies link to DBpedia companies via Freebase . It may be argued that we can obtain certain knowledge by analyzing official results obtained with participating systems in the NTCIR-3 Workshop . The first version was a proof of concept model which had many of the same features of the RCV 11 , but at higher cost and power usage . Reflecting on the experimental results , we consider possible application scenarios . This occurs on both the Corel and the personal collection . In our analysis in sections 5.3 and 5.4 we have therefore focussed on the structured information in Freebase . We then applied the verb model to generate a document prior for each item in the streamcorpus . , various blog sites , hosting services , directories , and forums . This is to be achieved through a process of ingesting the metadata records , restructuring it to fit the Europeana Data Model and publishing it as Linked Data on Europeana servers . Consider a user asking to see geographic names in a region . We observe a periodic behavior over a week basis , with a number of peaks probably related to some Europeana dissemination or advertisement activities . For example , a data warehouse for a university , containing all the student records , is probably updated once per day . Such phenomenon could be explained by looking at the characteristics of Europeana users , which are typically more skilled than generic Web users and , thus , they are capable of taking advantage of the Europeana portal features to conduct more complex search sessions . For each protein name , we must take into consideration of its synonyms , homonyms , acronyms , and different writing habits , etc . As Wordnet is commonly used to get further information about common terms that might occur in the id or label of an element , we introduced the Wordnet Coverage as a feature that returns a nominal value that says whether none , one or both of the elements contain terms that can be found in Wordnet . ### The GeonamesClient uses the Geonames web services interface for finding all possible places with a recognized name , or a similar name . We expect to verify how our framework works on datasets of different sizes and densities . Once the possibilities of the census data and so on have been exhausted , then the researcher may find value in the collections held in university libraries , but by this time they will have become experienced researchers and will have defined and refined their research questions . , a photo on Flickr and its link on Twitter . In particular , the Europeana Data Model EDM 7 has adopted the CI- DOCCRM core , while the consortium emphasizes the need for linking existing descriptions of the digitized material in the EDM descriptions 6 , according to the linked data approach 8 . Besides coming from a community that has been a subject to corporate litigation , e-mails allow one to successfully construct an alternative representation of documents . In this paper we consider the case of CiteSeer-like servers 3 ,4 ,8 and how they can be made more interoperable . The classification rule is constructed by considering the category hierarchy of Foursquare 16 and Yelp 17 as well as our experience . We will thus assess if results generalize to less active listeners . SRE markets have emerged to satisfy online sellers ' demands for high reputation . The TopRec model mainly has two important parameters . At the light of these results , it appears that the latent clustering outperforms the early fusion approach . For the gov2 and WT10g heterogeneous web test collections , the Resampling method significantly outperforms RM . Each algorithm was tested using the MovieLens data set . The features in GeoNames are interlinked with each other defining regions that are inside the underlined feature children , neighboring countries neighbors or features that have certain distance with the underlined feature nearby features . By eliminating friends who joined Digg after June 30 , 2006 , we believe we were able to faithfully reconstruct the fan links for all voters in our data set . This self-selection introduces a bias in the CiteSeer database that we discuss later . We used the latest Reverb ClueWeb Extractions dataset 8 , consisting of approximately 15 million facts annotated with a confidence score . CiteSeer may be considered a form of self-selected on-line survey -authors may choose to upload the URL where their publications are available for subsequent crawling by CiteSeer . Conceptually , the Geonames incident could have been avoided : Geonames offers a complete RDF dump of their entire database so this could have been bulk imported instead of crawling . The selected dataset has 3333 tweets . Consequently inferences from and search methods developed for the gov2 collection partitioned by host name may be useful to digital libraries with a large heterogeneous set of document subcol- lections . Another kind of massive data is today typically not stored in a dalabaso at all -- this is data that is almost exclusively used for marketing or statistical analysis . There are several text collections which are created directly by scanning hard copies and then OCRing them . A recent data-loss incident at Facebook has also produced speculation that other personal data could be in danger 5 . We are investigating possible centralized cluster resources for future KBA tasks . When clustering datasets of the scale we consider , i.e . For the NTCIR 1CLICK-2 task , the organizers provided a set of queries and the baseline search results , which consisted of topranked Yahoo ! 3 We first iterate through folders , and then for each chunk file , after decompression and deserialization , we loop over contained documents , and decode each into a Factorie document object with additional POS Part-of-Speech tagging . Predictions for Eachmovie took 7 milliseconds to generate approximately 1600 ratings for one user . They are all two class classification problems . For each UCI dataset that do not provide training-testing split , we used repeated holdout methods by repeatedly separating them into two folds randomly . We used a dataset form LibraryThing that was collected such that each user has supplied tags and ratings to at least 20 books and each book has received at least 5 tags 11 . The Wordnet Coverage is calculated separately for id and label . for instance make use of the Geonames ontology as they are subclasses of geonames : Feature which allows more expressive descriptions . Knowing this will help us figure out what the participants imagine ownership of Facebook content to entail . To provide the value-added browser features , most popular toolbars log the history of users ' browsing behavior on a central server for users who consented to such logging . Ontology negotiation is an attempt to move the LIBRA paradigm into human-to-computer or computer-to-computer com- munications . Our dataset consists of ∼ 540K papers and ∼ 195K distinct tags . These suggest the lack of the current community rating systems in signaling against the look-alike apps , especially on Facebook . The column avg. # exp shows the average number of similar tags considered per query . The number of diggings , which are represented by the pairs between those downloaded users and articles , is 680 ,971 . The third scenario covers university courses from Thalia 4 . Semantic data used in most current semantic wikis , blogs , and tagging systems are usually restricted to specific pre-existing ontologies or data sources , or user generated ontologies . To perform filtering based on type and homepage finding we use Freebase , which provides category labels and homepage URLs . However , for labels with more than one content word WordNet can not be employed directly . We perform 5-fold cross validation in our experiments . The data we employ can be trusted authoritatively . Furthermore , we compare Twitter to Facebook by performing prediction experiments on a Facebook dataset . CrunchBase consists of structured information about organizations including companies , people , products , investments , and several other items , and is edited by a Web community . Thus , we used the NTCIR-3 Patent Retrieval Collection described in Section 2 and the NTCIR-3 CLIR cross-lingual information retrieval test collection consisting of two years worth of Japanese Mainichi newspaper articles , to perform comparative experiments . In the following , we set 1 = 0.03 . The documents are often complex in structure , include non-textual elements such as graphics and photos , and are produced by a variety of printing and handwriting technologies . , entities Woman and Affair are also present in Freebase , or to disambiguate and choose between John Edwards a politician m01641q , an American racing driver m06zs089 and other people with the same name . Furthermore , results can be degraded when its Wikipedia article . Regarding the number of topics , Freebase has a lot of topics about subjects that do not match Wikidata 's notability criteria . For labels consisting of one token these relationships are easy to establish using WordNet . Still our goal is to bring OAI support inside CiteSeer . Since a large number of papers could be matched to a query , ranking is crucial in paper search engines . The average rating over all observed votes is ≈ 3.03 and the overall rating variance is ≈ 1.48. maximizing the coverage . WordNet provides hierarchical structures of concepts that can be made into a single directed acyclic graph by adding a root entity node as parent of the WordNet taxonomies . Roth and Ock- enfels1 indicated in their paper that in view of the distinct rules for ending an auction , the proportion of sniping is substantially higher in eBay than in Amazon . We collected Lastfm data set from Last.fm web site in December 2009 . As in 19 and 16 , each cell is associated with the geo-tagged Flickr images that were taken within the cell boundaries . the percentage of links on the Flickr network . For this purpose , we randomly select eBay auctions and present them to the players . In particular , Twitter is nowadays a central part of information spread , as one of its main functions is to pass along information as news stories develop . Out of a total of 155 outgoing properties for the randomly chosen Freebase classes , 141 could successfully manually be matched to frame elements in the gold standard . ClueB is the query language model , then no documents are retrieved . We formed a network by establishing links between executives who had more than five email exchanges between them . WordNet divides nouns into 25 classes . Our experiments are performed on three real data sets : MovieLens-100K 4 , MovieLens-1M and Lastfm . A simple technique for finding the distribution of ethnicities of a population is based solely on the census numbers . This could be in part because we have used StreamItem.body 1 to filter the streamcorpus , but it is always incomplete , which led to many relevant documents not included . Our Results . The second benchmark , AUCTION , is modeled after eBay , an online auction site . However , the overall rankings do differ when the TREC intents are replaced with those from NTCIR . Questions in WebQ were coined on Freebase and are guaranteed answerable by Freebase . The IIT CDIP 1.0 collection consists of 6 ,910 ,192 document records in the form of XML elements . ENRON This dataset is from the Enron email collection 3 . Moreover , the new approach provides increased accuracy by incorporating allocation context information into leak detection . Figure 1 : Query time distribution for different processing approaches using gov2 and query lengths from 1 to 10 . In order to achieve that , two types of underlying cloud are needed : storage cloud distributed database and file system and computational cloud virtual machines to deploy Europeana Cloud system services . We use the two publicly available large-scale real check-in data sets that have been studied in Section 3 and were crawled from Foursquare 6 and Yelp 24 . As shown in Figure 9a , 95 % for Last.fm and 99 % for whrrl.com of friend-pairs have friend influence values less than 0.05 , respectively . We mainly focus on large , general-purpose datasets , leaving aside specialized collections such as medical images , arts collections , etc . As such , when dealing with records present in CiteSeer , we save a potential query . The IIT CDIP project therefore contracted with an expert tobacco document searcher Celia White , http : professionalresearchservices.com to produce a set of approximately 100 documents for each topic to add to the pools . One of the most widely used sources for protein data is Uniprot 8 , in which proteins are annotated with their functions . Users in a social rating network can perform two types of actions : creating a link to another user social action and creating a rating for an item rating action . Using Wikipedia as a pivot works well for finding primary Wikipedia pages . We reasoned that if a criminal copied a web page and made minimal modifications , then Robust Hyperlinks could be used to find the original log-in page . Thus , our results suggest that either the Wumao did not operate on Sina Weibo during our measurement period , or estimates of the size of the group are vastly inflated . GOV corpus has fewer documents than WT10g , but has a much larger average document size 15k vs 7k , reflecting changes in Web authoring over the space of five years perhaps the prevalence of navigation bars and scripting in more recent pages . Additionally , the links to the Clueweb collection from the 'Infobox ' and 'External links ' section of Wikipedia may be sparse , but the precision of the linked Clueweb pages is very high . , Google Toolbar , Yahoo ! In wt100g , the average web page size is more than half the current Web average 11 . The social influence learned from SIS are labeled as the weight of social links in the figure . Flickr user groups are collected as ground truth . We implemented another interface to query the Clueweb index 3 . The results reported below are over these hand-labeled pairs . This indicates that each cluster contains fewer WordNet terms , even though the portion of WordNet nouns in the collection increases over the year as reported in Section 4 . For MovieLens experiments we use the largest of the available datasets MovieLens-10M with 10 million ratings from 72 ,000 users on 10 ,000 movies . This makes Flickr ideal for localizing POIs in the places where Flickr has coverage . The on disk size of all 2|V p | + |Vs| + |Vo| BitMats ref . Schemas come from the XCBL 1 . While SVP performance is disappointing , our expanded report shows a number of instances in which SVP does both significantly better than and signiilcantly worse than the others 5 . Make the content available to the public by uploading it to a website like Flickr , Blogspot , or YouTube . For each querydocument pair , personalization features are computed based on the information available prior to the moment this query was issued including the information from the first 26 days of the Kaggle dataset . All other topics had a large number of documents sent or received by people outside of Enron which skewed the normalization since not all of their communications were known . 3Based on both our own experiments on EachMovie and suggestions in 8 , we chose neighborhoods of size fifty . The Enron dataset comprises 4 modes : sender , recipient , date , and keyword , with size 1K×1K×1.1K×200 and over 5.39 million nonzero entries . Specifically , the small MovieLens and large MovieLens datasets have different number of users 944 vs 6040 , sparsity 6 % vs 4 % and average votes per user . We used datasets from two popular sites Foursquare and Yelp . Although there is surely more to be learned by continuing to work with the IIT CDIP v1.0 test collection , we are nearing the point of diminishing returns beyond which further investment in this one collection may no longer yield new insights with importance that is in line with the costs to participants and assessors . Each probe or probeset on a microarray is linked to an accession number , a unique identifier issued by GenBank to represent a nucleotide sequence . The Yago2 ontology gives a concordance between Wikipedia articles and Geonames geographic entities 8 . The gov2 collection was indexed using the ZETTAIR Search engine 2 . Additionally , associating the attributes from a Wikipedia schema as well as a long list of class instances with a WordNet node may also provides substantial benefit to WordNet users as well . Facebook n-grams N. As a result of the selection mechanism used to generate the corpus , we hypothesized that one may expect a higher number of responsive documents to be distributed among the custodian mailboxes we evaluated in the TREC Enron corpus than in the Enron Corporation as a whole . Sites like Yelp.com and Epinions . We firstly crawled the listening counts of 2 ,598 users on 30 ,727 songs . We build the probability distribution for the event of an average user liking a Facebook category f using the same procedure used for eBay categories but replacing e with f . With Slashdot , only the transfer from Epinions improves the predictive power . Comparing CEM with MWBM , we confirm the ability of MCD to regulate the decision making of the former in majority of the cases , with up to +31.2 % , +35.1 % and +25 % improvement in F1- Score for the Web-forms , Thalia and OAEI datasets , respectively . Even though Myspace got a head-start , Facebook wiped it out . Generally , Graclus tends to produce a variety of clusters of better conductance than Newman 's algorithm . Compared to GNMID14 , MSD differs most notably in its absence of geotemporal information and smaller scale . We found that most effective parameters are D = 30 , T = 10 both for NTCIR and TREC 3 training topics , and D has considerable influence on the retrieval effectiveness . We construct the Flickr social graph such that each node represents a Flickr user and edges between nodes represent friend links . For a keyword w , its precision and recall is computed as follows : The current architecture of the CiteSeer application is monolithic , making system maintenance and extension costly . Lerman et al . WordNet is an on-line implementation of a linguistic network , creating a structure for determining relationships between and information about words . This scenario is particularly appealing because some domain knowledge can then be taken for granted with any study participant without teaching her the basic classes and properties . New services are realized in a variety of technologies . This contains about 141 ,000 users and 1.1 million friend requests . This year , participants could either make use of the full ClueWeb12 collection 1 , a subset of ClueWeb12 created specifically for the Contextual Suggestion Track 2 , or the open web . As mentioned above it keeps a sparse-memory matrix of users , items , and ratings , and uses a variant of the personality diagnosis PD algorithm to make predictions . Similar observations were reported by Teevan et al . COREL addresses the problems of traditional retrieval systems primarily by providing a rich array of knowledge structures that are used to index articles of the Civil Code of Louisiana . We have used two collections wt10g and wt100g from the TREC Web Track 8 coupled with queries from Excite logs from the same c. 1997 period . In detail , this module generates a set of worker profiles C = { w1 , . After sending geonames extracted from a tweet 's text to a geocoding API , we receive a list of possible locations in return . Consequently , analyzing microbial genome data entails integration of data from diverse , usually heterogeneous , data sources . Top rated images tend to belong to a small set of owners and convey a lower semantic variety than the pictures from centrality-based rankings . Indeed , linking a work to a specialized database e.g . However , in this study , we want to capture the consumed movies which were recommended ; we want to give users sufficient time to learn how to use MovieLens ; we want to give MovieLens enough time to understand users ' preferences better , in order to improve the quality of recommendations . To help practitioners , especially those from the Europeana family of projects , the following R & D questions required specific effort : perform concrete evaluations and comparisons of enrichment tools currently developed and used in the Europeana context ; identify methodologies for evaluating enrichment in CH , specifically in Europeana , by making sure that evaluation methods i are realistic wrt . New services and features are added into the system as well . For example , if both c and d have perfectly corresponding nodes in WordNet and one WordNet node subsumes the other say isaFTc , d , isaWN , then this is likely to be highly predictive for a learner . For the RCV-Industry datasets , only 39 clusters can be assigned a neighborhood with 1 ,400 constraints . Pubmed provides an easily configurable search engine that can be called through distant requests . Then , Flickr also became the largest geotagged photo database in the world . Dark bars are topics from wt10g and light from gov2 . In the upcoming dataset , a cluster contains 29.02 pictures on average . Items in Facebook then present information about who else has Liked them . There are only a handful of disagreeing pairs for the wt10g collection , and while the trends are the same as those reported for gov2 , there is too little data to draw any firm conclusion from that collection . For more complex systems the size of the action module inventory can be even larger . Later , we 'll study the efficacy of these features for detecting fake reviews filtered by Yelp . Table 3reports the obtained correlations for some eBay meta-categories . After that , datasets with newly selected features were passed to external learning algorithms to assess classification performance . In fact , according to WordNet , images and pictures are synonyms . Flickr offers a number of ways for users to browse and find photos , such as exploring or searching through members , tags , groups or interesting photos . The Covertype data is from the UCI Machine Learning Repository 13 . Overlap in WordNet synset concepts Making use of merely WordNet noun concepts may not fully cover the overlap in information because different tweets may use different words or synonyms to convey the same information . The fitness function used for LIBRA is : A well designed fitness function is crucial . This experiment characterizes RDFMATCH performance for querying large-scale data . This peak response area was determined with t'le use of a mock field and a camera and the RCV connected to a PUMA 560 controlled using the RRAD system 111 . For the purpose of this study , we collected two datasets from Epinions and Slashdot . BibServ.org is a publicly available repository of about half a million pre-segmented citations . proportion of nonzero entries of the EachMovie and Netflix data sets are 6.1 % and 6.6 % respectively . The same approach was used for WordNet . These features are detailed in their paper , 2 . Performance of GSP-PCL , GSP-means and Kmeans on Enron email dataset in terms of F1 . As shown in Table 4 , the NSWD and its variants also maintain a semantically correct ordering w.r.t . It is described in US patent number 6 ,078 ,740 . Moreover , Weibo officially supports posting images , videos , music via local files or on-line URLs , and locations . 67 % of the blog documents were hosted under the .com domain and 33 % were hosted on blogs under the . But the increase in the RMSE gain when we go from all users to cold-start users to inactive users is more modest compared to the rating context . A typical logging entry in CiteSeer is Request Parameters : the actual meaning of parameters is dependent on request types . Figure 8 explores the reserve price predictions of OV neural networks on unseen test data from the large eBay data set . The image collection is 3400 images drawn from 34 categories of the COREL image collection . Indeed , §3 showed that only 77 % of Yelp profiles are unique as opposed to 96 % unique profiles for Flickr . Yelp API is a restful web service provided by Yelp for searching business review and rating information for a particular geographic region or location . For all three runs we removed results from the ranked lists that have spam ranks smaller than 70 % meaning that at most 70 % of the ClueWeb have a higher probability of being spam according to the spam rank list provided by the University of Waterloo 4 . As in the previous three years , the document collection to be searched was the IIT Complex Document Information Processing IIT CDIP test collection 8 . Studying the content sharing website Digg , Rangwala and Jamali 21 defined a co-participation network between users based on Digg 's comment information and used this data to predict the popularity of online content linked at Digg . We use four real datasets from UCI repository 8 and two real microarray gene expression datasets . The distribution was done over a partition of the gov2 collection into ten equal disjoint parts . The differences of ADM and AAM for NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 were significant at the 5 % and 1 % levels , respectively . Daily , thousands of news URLs are discovered by users on StumbleUpon . This time we choose WordNet , a thesaurus . Figure 1shows a typical document image , portions of its metadata , and a few words at the start of its OCR . The high-valued tags could be added either as enhanced descriptors in a bibliographic record , or as new records in an authority file . While using NN algorithms to generate movie recommendations with the EachMovie 5 or MovieLens 2 datasets , we found that many of the top movies recommended were terrible , highly questionable , or unverifiable . These datasets are used in a previous work 12 to evaluate LSH , and the reader is referred to that study for detailed information on dataset con- struction . Without access to a corporate directory or organizational chart at Enron at the time of these emails , it is difficult to ascertain the validity of our results . Its searching results are shown on Figure 1 . Usually not all friends are influential and , very often , a small number of friends take the most part of social influence . We generate LGD raw data by minimizing human involvement and preserving the structure and content of the original data . In Table 2 , we report the running time of β -Fast-FlowC for τ < 0.02 as well as the running time for the exact computation of CurrentFlow from NetworkX for three different datasets : GrQc , Oregon and Epinions . Wordnet Fellbaum , 1998 was used to add stems and synonyms to the topics . As such , single authors , who care will need more actively submit their papers to CiteSeer if this bias is to be reduced . The same holds for cases where the information sources are too large to just create a single model containing all the information , but they still can be queried using a special interface Musicbrainz is an example of this case . Figure 1 . No stopping was used . 2006 . The rst one contains up to 20 ,000 histograms of color images from COREL Draw library , where each histogram was represented as a point i n d-dimensional space , for d up to 64 . The Enron email dataset used here is a subset of the original Enron email dataset , which is generated by Bekkerman , McCallum , and G. Huang 1 . A similar conclusion can be drawn from the result on MovieLens dataset Figures 11c and d. We conducted numerous other experiments whose results are very promising . Given that users in Yelp select usernames that do not reveal their identity , when matching Yelp to Twitter accounts , location alone achieves a much higher TPR than usernames 44 % vs. 7 % TPR for 1 % FPR . The three main components of this architecture see Fig . It is widely believed that the content seen in the front page is representative of what a wide base of Digg users like the Figure 12 : The average number of diggs received at different ages . This is the first time that a Chinese bibliographic database establishes the link with western language factual scientific databases . Subvert and Profit 6 is a service to sell home page placement on Digg by charging advertisers for a vote ; users may sell their votes to such service companies for profits , thereby creating spam diggs . This means that being outbid in the last few seconds will cause the losing bidder to vote with his feet and be less likely to put in a bid on eBay again . Enron employees that sent 200 or more responses were used in these experiments . Eventually , with these four sources Google mapping , Samsung mapping , external IDs , Knowledge Graph , we mapped 4.56 million items in total . This final alteration simply allows queries such as red dog and dog red to return the same documents , as would be the case in a search engine where explicit phrase operators would be required in the query to enforce term order and proximity . The work would be helpful for utilization and mining of Chinese bibliographic resources , as well as cross lingual information retrieval , integration , and mining . This is higher than 1.4 % in the run using WordNet . However , although semantic relations are integrated , the system depends on explicit knowledge which is in fact a more extensive set of manually annotated meta-data . Several minor glitches in the preparation of IIT CDIP 1.0 turned up during indexing of the data by Legal Track participants . This study also suggests that , with topics extracted from tweets , one is able to predict census well-being data , and that opens up the possibility of tracking the emotional health of local communities at scale . of Col. , and District of Columbia in different Data.gov datasets , so we preserve such labels using skos : altLabel . We performed experiments on both the Last . In the case of UniProt Q4 , Q5 , Q7-Q10 BitMat did better than MonetDB cold cache , but RDF-3X still outperformed BitMat Q7-Q10 are the queries published by RDF- 3X . Aftersight monitors applications running in a virtual machine , which adds some amount of workload-dependent overhead . The dictionary is based on standardized nomenclature and controlled vocabularies of UniProt database , since UniProt database makes use of the official nomenclature defined by international committees while still providing the published synonyms8 . The second is based on LibraryThing which is an online book catalogue and tagging community . As PubMed also uses this thesaurus to index this document , requests to PubMed and Cismef can be automatically built using templates and inline queries . Finalizing early . CMAR 12 and CBA 13. , the knowledge stored in Freebase is heavily derived from Wikipedia 1 . The integration with the Europeana Corelib is done through a generic EDM Storage and Indexing API which is agnostic to the storage backend that is actually used and can cover any storage system able to persist and index EDM structures . Schema matching has been extensively studied in the data-management community , and the resulting techniques apply directly to the task of duplicate detection 14 , 23 . Different from such KB-based QA systems , we take an alternative path to question answering by mining answers directly from the rich web corpus , instead of querying either curated KBs such as Freebase or extracted KBs from the Web as in 45 . The main strength of Europeana lays in the vast number of items it contains . For this reason , two other Linked Data resources were also used : DBPedia , the semantic-web interface to Wikipedia , which was used for place names ; and MusicBrainz , an open online and rapidly growing database for recorded music , which we have used for personal names . The number of documents and authors and documents per author is higher in the CiteSeerArnetMiner although known expert-qrels are less in number . Tree size of final tree and classification accuracy on 4 UCI data sets with different width-options for the attribute PDFs . Having to do IO for list elements when weighting inverted list could reduce the search performance dramatically . Therefore , we have to utilize information from every source . The third dataset we utilize is the Epinions 4 trust dataset . The online auction site eBay has largely supplanted flea markets , estate sales , and printed newsletters as the marketplace where buyers and sellers of all kinds of collectibles conduct their transactions . The snapshot consisted of 1.5 TB of scanned document images , as well as metadata records and Optical Character Recognition OCR produced from the images by UCSF . To the best of our knowledge , our work is the first to extensively by using over 52 months worth of digg trace data study user voting activities on content , and impact of the social network on content rating and vice versa . We will refer to MovieLens observations stripped of a rating component as implicit rating data throughout this paper . Figure 2lists the properties used in the evaluation dataset . For example , each partition for Clueweb can have around 500 ,000 web pages . Let ppostdi|ua and p digg di|ua represent the probability that ua summits the Digg article di and the probability that ua votes thumbs up for di respectively . These knowledge bases are inherently organised around entities or objects , such as persons , places , organisations , artifacts , etc . Our experiments are conducted on two image databases : a photography database that is obtained from Google search engine and a Corel image database . To mitigate against this distortion , we limit ourselves in both datasets to papers that have been cited at least once CiteSeer 100 ,059 papers , DBLP : 10 ,340 papers . GOV corpus after comparing its properties against those of . This significantly alleviates the cold-start problem . We choose Last.fm mainly based on the availability of ground truth , as each item artist is tagged with category labels music genre . Specifically we focus on queries submitted to PubMed ® , a large sophisticated search engine that facilitates Web access to abstracts of articles in over 5 ,200 biomedical journals . The sizes of raw RDF Ntriple files of UniProt and LUBM were 205 GB and 451 GB respectively . All movies have already been classified manually into 10 types by the EachMovie recommendation service : action , animation , art or foreign , classic , comedy , drama , family , horror , romance , and thriller . In this work , we use a resource that provides both textual and meta-data . Tagging facilities are often provided on sites that are essentially just a collection of objects e.g . Table 2 shows the CLL and AUCs for the various algorithms on the BibServ dataset . We provided the assessors with a How To Guide Baron , Lewis & Oard , 2006 that explained that the project was modeled on the ways in which lawyers make and respond to real requests for documents , including in electronic form . This result is in line with the manual classification of 2000 LibraryThing tags by 7 , who found that 1.8 % of the tags expresses an opinion and 6.15 % of the tags is personal or related to the owner . For the baseline method , we simply perform face matching without using any feature extractor . Participants tended not to do much in the way of exploration ; even opportunistic browsing was typically undertaken to satisfy some curiosity and done in the context of 28 , which allows the user to journey through the web , and the now defunct Mystery Google 9 , which directed users towards websites searched for by others . , adding the other user 's books to your set of InterestingLibraries in LibraryThing or subscribing to the same user group as another user expressing high overlap in thematic interests . This was expected because our analysis of last year 's results led us to the conclusion that WordNet was rather a source of noise when a named entity extractor could be used instead . Most earlier work except 5 , 9 , 14 , 34 considers traditional full and denial dependencies , which subsume FDs , but do not consider patterns defined with data values . The problem we tackle in this paper can be formally stated as follows : There are two ways to post job ads on Facebook using the applications developed by Work4 : posts on the walls of Facebook users Facebook-profile and posts on organizations ' Facebook pages Facebookpage ; this leads us to define our set of networks as N = { F acebook − prof ile , F acebook − page } . We conduct some preliminary experiments to understand how users in a group agree with each other as well as with the group as a whole . Thus , ColorSim can assign more accurate values of similarity and exhibits a better correlation with baseline similarity measures . Then , we mapped the latitude and longitude back to a country location using the reverse-geocoding capabilities of GeoNames 3 . It supports web browsers , iOS and Android apps , and community-built apps based on the SoundCloud API . Other researchers using the Enron corpus have had this same problem , and information on some participants has been collected and made available . Section 3 was 48 GB and 67 GB for UniProt and LUBM respectively and corresponding LZ77 compressed dictionary mappings were 3.2 GB and 1.8 GB . Both runs scored candidate venues gathered from the open web using the Yelp API . Wikipedia and Epinions WT propagation achieves maximum marginal gain by connecting low degree nodes . Aspects of the parochial contexts can be formalized to provide enriched semantics for their respective feature sets . improvement with larger models . Figure 1 : TREC subtopics vs. NTCIR intents and subtopic strings . WordNet contains hypernym relations between concepts . As will be discussed later , our findings suggest Digg possibly suffers Sybil attacks by which attackers create many identities to digg a story in order to surface it to the front page for various purposes e.g . Facebook is a popular online social network site with over 250 million members worldwide . A set of crawlers , independent from each other , provides the CiteSeer module with the URLs of sources of potential papers . , a couple hundred diggs per day ; while an overwhelming majority of users on average cast less than one vote per day . The documents were scanned by the tobacco industry using diverse technologies . , users rate an object . UCI datasets are single-label classification problems . A program based on the Digg API was developed to automatically crawl the network data . What makes Last.fm different from other social networks is the fact that all of the statistics of each user 's profile , including friendships , are available for everyone using the system to see and interact with . Table 1* Selection of the parameters was a consequence of both feedbacks , combined together . developed the REFEREE framework to compare different recommenders for the CiteSeer website CLP02 . The Freebase dump contains 5 ,841 ,791 entries . The OAEI dataset contains ontologies from the 2011 competition in the comparison track , using the bibliographic references domain . In this study , we are interested in the business rating prediction problem with business review data from Yelp . Even though there is no ballplayer class in Wikipedia , WordNet knows that ballplayer and baseball player are synonyms and so a query processing system can operate on records of the baseball player class . Wordnet is a linguistic resource inspired by psycholinguistic theories of human lexical memory . The Phoneme data is from the UCI Machine Learning Repository 27 . gov2 and WT10g , the center of the non-relevant document length distribution shifts far away to the right of the relevant document length distribution . RDF-3X did very well on the UniProt queries Q7-Q10 , Q12 , Q13 . The corpus used in this study is composed of documents from the Legacy Tobacco Documents Library http : legacy.library.ucsf.edu which we are using to build our IIT CDIP testbed . The complete source code of the queries and data definitions and mappings is published at the OpenLink web site at the time of the demonstration hboxhttp : demo.openlinksw.comtpc-h . Here , the effectiveness of our dynamic tag expansion is clearly evident , as it saves factors of 3-5 compared to the baseline method which needs to completely scan the lists of all 10 related tags for each query tag . We also evaluate the contribution of each query classification method to the retrieval accuracy . Freebase represents the ontology based on the domains and categories given in the Freebase website . Although these may not be hard evidences and we do not claim that Yelp 's filtering is perfect , they are strong enough to render confidence that Yelp is doing a reasonable job at filtering . They report that the CiteSeer coreference algorithm depends primarily on the accuracy with which the title is extracted . Hence , a positive correlation between sniping and auction thinness , and a positive correlation between auction thinness and the likelihood of returning to eBay , will bias downward any effect that sniping has on bidders ceasing to bid in auctions . WordNet has nodes , synonym set and tree structure . The second one represents how Digg users dig the articles written by other users . We built another version of the mashup that downloads the data directly from the Flickr web service using a cross-domain < script > tag . In this paper , we study the recurrence dynamics of social tagging , i.e . The goal of factorization is to minimize : We select some active users as our experimental subjects , and the selection criteria are shown in Table 1 : Following the criteria , we choose 538 users and 26271 followers dataset as our experimental dataset . While the same set of UCSF XML records provided the starting point for both the IIT CDIP version 1.0 collection and for the assessment platform 's database , a few records with formatting problems were inadvertently treated differently by the two groups . We show here a typical convergence graph from our experiments . The Evolution of COREL We began our investigation by classifying the types of articles that appear in the Louisiana Civil Code . 4demonstrates that adding expansion terms improves the effectiveness of LCE in some cases but worsens it in the case of WT10g . It is well known that expert searchers can and will often find documents that fully automated termmatching techniques would miss . We conduct experiments using a large-scale data collection from Flickr . The Library has developed a social OPAC , called OPACIAL 3 , which is enhanced with several Web 2.0 technologies 19 such as tagging functionalities , folksonomy-based navigation and searching in tag cloud environment . We have previously noted that researchers have so far made use of their own collections to conduct studies . This dataset describes similarity among books as reported by the Amazon store ; more precisely the data was obtained 17 in 2008 using the Amazon ECommerce Service APIs using SimilarityLookup queries . Our importance ranking proved to significantly match rankings found on the music sharing website Last.fm 1 . This led us to form the following query : q301-13 : # band # synoil gas # synena enron # 20confidential propriety enron internal This is particularly common for popular navigational destinations e.g . Even though it has 25 ,000 images sampled from Flickr , only the first 1 ,000 images image number 1 to 1000 were used for the experiments . The citation graph has been obtained from CiteSeer http : citeseer.ist.psu.edu . This also allows us to compare the performance of models in a strictly controlled manner . The data used in the experiments includes NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese CLIR tasks , whose statistics in the title and description fields of English topics can be found in Table 2after data clean . The differences however are not significant . Local 4 also provide a business category hierarchy to facilitate navigation through business listings . The MSA settled a range of lawsuits by the Attorneys General of several US states against seven US tobacco organizations five tobacco companies and two research institutes . Running time comparison for various algorithms on Flixster with l = 3 left and Twitter with l = 5 right . Clueweb is crawled in 2009 , and in comparison to older test collections the full-text index performs much worse . Some sampled entries on Yelp are presented in Table 4 , showing how the sentiment lexicon looks in different contextual text reviews . The introduction of a modular CiteSeer architecture offers a great opportunity to exploit newly emerged web technologies to improve the system 's performance and configurability . Website of each suggestion is extracted from Yelp in their approach . 22 analyzed friending actions in Digg as a way of propagating user behavior to influence other users . In contrast , the improvement of RH-Push CR is particularly notable when the amount of available training points ni grows larger . they have some Limitations . Flickr has been used extensively in research , in large part because it provides a public API that has allowed researchers to easily obtain large data-sets . once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . All three collections were distributed as evenly as possible across the 16 nodes of the Cluster by linear assignment i.e . The query generator analyzes the TREC topics and generates real queries . The friendship here is again defined in a broader way , and consists of explicit friends and users marked as having interesting libraries . But such triggers can not offer a full explanation for why participants moved from one website to another . However , it seems that using the PubMed query log for query expansion has little effect on the system performance . Comparison of CC and CS , which used the same retrieval model but indexed different information , shows that the use of the anchor text was effective in substantially improving MRR . The density of user-item rating matrix i.e . 11 used Geometric Mean Q-measure for analysing their results at NTCIR-5 . We constructed the Facebook dataset by downloading the entire list of 34 ,370 Facebook apps app names , IDs , and developer IDs from SocialBakers 26 , a portal providing the usage statistics of various social media . Due to lack of contextual information in profile and dataset of users ' preferences crawled from Yelp , they use the contextual post-filtering approach to adjust the resulting set of suggestions . MovieLens provides a feature called 'Top Picks For You ' shown in figure 1 that takes users to a page displaying movies the user has not seen , ordered from the highest predicted ratings to the lowest predicted ratings . We use the LibraryThing dataset which was crawled by Zubiaga et al . The consequent class C , was specified for each combination A , , The other largest eigenvectors exhibit a similar arrangement of movies by some sense of topic . To investigate this aspect we have analysed the occurrence of referenced entity types found in the Europeana data sets . Recently , many Semantic Web applications have shown additional values and are gaining momentum by integrating visualization in the process of searching and browsing RDF data . It was hypothesized that this would have focused the discussion to a small group of people in Enron , facilitating an SNA approach . We use a serial number of COREL samples , from 1 ,500 to 7 ,500 , to build the graph and test 100 out-of-samples . Note that the ranges are wide , with the upper bound up to 20 % higher than the lower for gov2 and over 15 % for three of the collections WSJ , AP , gov2 . , by about 1.4 % . The structures for SYSTEM-DE8C1UPTION- RELATIONSHIPS and those for DEI'INJTIONB arc hard coded . We end this section with a brief summary of our findings : The number of diggs and digg rate are among determinants of story promotion . These terms were imported in the wiki as a base that can be freely edited . IPUMS maintains and integrates an extensive collection of US Census data Decennial Census and American Community Survey . For example , Table 1shows the PubMed translation of the query purification of rat IgM . All of the OOV terms appearing in < title > and < desc > from both NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 are collected . In Table 3we present the performance of using each of the top-4 feature functions for the non-ClueWeb and ClueWeb settings by itself as a cluster ranking method . So although we do not know the details of which data Placemaker uses from GeoPlanet , we do n't see any clear advantage of using Geonames over GeoPlanet . In Table 3we give top words for a few roles using the Enron corpus . We then used these files as input and measured F1 at a variety of cutoff threshold levels . For example , both Amazon and eBay do not ask users to share the postings and comments on their social accounts . SoundCloud has around 80 developers overall . Application : Applications are identified using deep packet inspection of URLs for HTTP flows or by mapping protocol , port numbers and server subnets for known server subnets and port numbers . Results for the User-Specific Ground Truth . Again , the best compression would result from selective use of the two compressors . In order to meet mandated governmental tasks such as census taking and map production , national governments have born the cost of developing spatial representations of census blocks , political districts , cities , states , highways , and street addresses . Stage 2 contributes about 4 % for Twitter , 12 % in ClueWeb , and 10 % for YMusic . In the experiments we use the gov2.1000 and gov2.30 splits of the TREC gov2 dataset 2 . We now describe the datasets and metrics of our experimental evaluation . According to 2010 US Census data , Pittsboro , NC has a population of 3 ,743 and a population density of 1 ,100.9sq mi . WordNet , in contrast , provides a clean and carefully assembled hierarchy of thousands of concepts . Although from the view precision-recall curve graph the precision improvement can not be easily noticed , at a recall level of 0.999 , the proposed approach can further reduce around 51.9 % sentences in SogouT 2.0 , 55.4 % in Sina Weibo and 27.7 % in Baidu Zhidao over baseline method . #### In this evaluation , we used a subset of the Corel image database which is composed of 2 ,500 images in 25 categories . The ClueWeb collections are some of the largest document collections used for research . Thus , our probabilistic model is more general in that we consider both Digg scores and user descriptions , while CTR in 28 does not considered both of them . Since the number of people to be aligned is an order of magnitude larger than the number of places , a manual approach was not considered feasible . Finally , we parsed the entries from the remaining set of blogs , and kept only the blogposts written in English and having a length within a 200–4 ,000 character limit . The results in Figure 1show that the average visit times obtained from Flickr AVG – yellow are situated between the HAA MIN and HAA MAX estimations in a large majority of cases and these results seem to validate our method for automatically deducing visit times from Flickr . But how is an automated crawler able to know about this dump and to know that the dump contains the entire Geonames database ? Nevertheless , researchers find difficulties in retrieving desired content from a large retrieved document set . Another important observation is that , when the distributional differences between the source and target networks become larger , the transfer learning performance becomes worse . Figure 12plots the average number of diggs accumulated at different ages for upcoming and popular stories as well as a censored story an article against diggbar , a Digg toolbar product . , 2002 . Enron stock The following subcollections evolved from the above set of retrieved documents after TA feedback : 4 . This makes it difficult to identify and apply the right enrichment approach or tool including using the right parameters when an approach can be tuned . This is in not the case for the ClueWeb collections . MovieLens is a movie recommender system that has been in continuous use since 1997 . Insofar , we predicted the performance of language-modelbased retrieval . Local search providers such as Yelp 3 and Yahoo ! The data associated with Joan Vollmer 's story was subject to multiple embargoes : As we have already mentioned , census data is embargoed as a privacy protection measure . These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings . Furthermore , in some cases for ClueWeb , the Wikipediabased predictors outperform the corpus-based predictors . The standard deviations were ≤ 0.002 on MovieLens and Dianping , and were ≤ 0.01 on Yahoo ! This same procedure was followed on smaller census data sets to achieve smaller domains for our tests . BAT allows evaluating the performance of different approaches using five datasets , namely AQUAINT , MSNBC , IITB , Meij and AIDACoNLL . For example , one review We have also crawled the social network graph , more specifically , the large weakly connected component WCC . Unfortunately , at the time of writing , there were no judgments for web-style queries against the . As in the case of Cora , for citations and authors , the best-performing models are the ones involving collective inference features . Detecting answers to WebQ questions from the smaller and cleaner WikiTables shall be easier than from AllTables . For all systems , the runtime looks linear in the size of the text – which is good . For the Enron custodian list , we started with the ex employee status report created by Shetti and Adibi of USC . Also the queries sent to the PubMed search interface are quite short . A similar comparative evaluation of kernels was reported in 3 , in which the MovieLens database was used for benchmarking , but we note that the MovieLens graph has characteristics strikingly different from citation graphs . NoOntology represents the baseline approach 7 , where no ontology is used . Initial cleaning consisted mainly of stemming , removing duplications based on synonym sets obtained from LibraryThing , and removal of non-alphanumeric , irrelevant or general tags . This resulted in 143 unambiguous matches . have a higher probability in relevant documents than in nonrelevant documents . Especially , out of the three active learning methods SVMactive , AOD , LOD , our proposed LOD algorithm performs the best . We can note that sPoly-Work4Oracle obtains the lowest RMSE and MAE and the highest accuracy for job ads posted on walls of Facebook users while Lasso-Work4Oracle and sRBF-Work4Oracle have better results for job posted on organizations ' Facebook pages . Next , we conduct data analysis of the Yelp data . The only exception is the WT10g collection , where WSD and PQE are statistically indistinguishable . Previous work has shown that actuator saturation and kinematic reach present serious limitations to such systems 6 . To copy otherwise , to republish , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists , requires prior specific permission andor a fee . The object information is extracted from Web databases , Web pages , and PDFPS files . For each of the datasets , we evaluate their performance using the same set of constraints . We have defined a term selection strategy to reduce the number of terms , as described in Section 2. concepts , or called synsets is WordNet 14 . The adult dataset from UCI repository . ### Fig . This is achieved through the externally available eBay search API . Figure 14shows vote similarity of users with their friends in Digg and the randomized graph respectively . Eachmovie comprises ratings of 1628 movies by 72916 users . One of the most well-known works in detecting events from microblog streams is Sakaki , Okazaki , and Matsuo 's 2010 paper on detecting earthquakes in Japan using Twitter 18 . The CBFtr data set is a 3-class problem . This box presents comments by Facebook users , allowing a logged-in Facebook user to comment . Our research makes use of the WT10g web collection provided by the TREC staff . So we are surely in line with the guidelines from the data.europeana.eu project 22 . The intersection between Geonames and Gazetiki , around 15 % , shows that the two structures are complementary . The Best Known system is uwmtFadTPFB from the TREC 2006 Terabyte Track . The same pattern with respect to elapsed time ratios found with VLC2 Title Only runs was found with Web Track runs : BASE1 to the other collections yielded sub-linear ratios , while BASE10 to WT100g yielded super-linear ratios . As the datsets in the UCI repository do not contain tick data , in order to be able to perform reasonable experiments , as preprocessing , we removed the id values from the UCI datasets if present and sorted the records of the UCI datasets in lexicographical order . These databases are often very large and sparse . These findings , along with the formal analysis , help to explain the poor prediction quality of Clarity over ClueWeb . The experiments were done on the Wt10g collection with ad-hoc topics 501-550 . The popular approach to QA is the combination of passage retrieval and information extraction . discuss an event-based recommendation system integrated with a social media site , but focus on events already available through Facebook and Last.fm 14 . For instance , on Last.fm user typically listens to dozens of songs – on a single day . These sites instruct the browser to delete the cookie client-side , but do not invalidate the session server-side . Let us remind , our final dataset is the combination of data from four social networks : Yelp , Foursquare , Facebook , and Google Places . The above window sizes are obtained when TREC9 queries are trained on TREC WT10G data collection . We programmed the Primary Sources Tool and released it as open source software to facilitate the transfer of the Freebase dataset . In the assessment phase , a volunteer which was the query initiator for LibraryThing was shown , in addition to the results for the query from the pool , the documents i.e . To verify the assumption that users might care about different features , we construct the user-feature attention matrix X on Yelp ' dataset , and conduct a simple fuzzy k-means clustering to map the users into 5 fuzzy clusters within the Euclidean distance space . A first one has been created by Google in October 2013 8 and is based on Wikipedia links already present in Freebase : if a Freebase topic and a Wikidata item share at least two Wikipedia links , they are assumed to describe the same subject . We can find from Figure 6that about 50 % of bids are via eBay search , however when the time approaches the EOA , less bidders use eBay search . They found that that best performing algorithm on the EachMovie dataset under both metrics was a neighborhood scheme based on Pearson correlation . Vertical search engines such as Google Scholar 2 provide efficient access to scientific papers based on user provided keywords . First , we used Google Maps API 2 to find the latitude and longitude of each location . The best performing Flickr result was for Topic 15 , with MAP 0.1255 ; 11 topics had a maximum performance greater than 0.02 , suggesting that while the average performance across all Flickr images is poor , there are images that perform better than the average . To perform filtering we first created a manual mapping of the Freebase category labels to the target types T f b . We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings , excluding AP , the correlation was at least 0.5 ; however , the correlation with AP was much smaller . From another perspective , Enron Creditors Recovery Corporation was an American energy company based in Houston , Texas . There are mainly two factors to consider : a Pattern : The association of keywords and entity instances sometimes formulates a regular pattern ; e.g . The analysis conducted in the previous section shows that the search experience of the user interacting with Europeana could be improved . The static cache performs surprisingly well squares in Figure 4 , but is outperformed by the LRU cache circles . develops a framework of a trust propagation scheme , and with it evaluates a large trust network using Epinions data . Our observations show that the percentage of social actions ϕ over the total number of actions denoted by |At| remains fairly constant throughout the evolution of SRN for both Epinions and Flickr . Richardson 95 used WordNet to calculate the semantic distance between concepts or words in order to get the similarity between a documents and a query . IPUMS provided our project with metadata in DDI- Codebook format . The BASE1 and BASE10 are baseline collections of the WT100g . The first is constructed from a subset of the Internet Movie Database IMDB and automatically linked with YAGO 4. reaches to convergence 12 : return R ′ ij = UiVj from Sina Weibo which allows users to follow other users and receive the messages from the followed users similar to Twitter . 8bshows that closeness between copied friends is higher than between uncopied friends . It took ∼12 hours to parse and build dictionary mappings of LUBM data and ∼9 hours for UniProt data . Our work is different form theirs in that their works only applies to eBay reputation system , while our work applies to general rating-based reputation systems . In this section , we tried to expand words in a topic using WordNet , the dictionary manually made . For the 2001 Text Retrieval Conference TREC-2001 , the Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR task was to utilize English or French queries against Arabic documents . Thus , Wordnet can be used to coarse-grain the semantics of the looked-up terms by focusing on a given high enough level of the subsumption hierarchy . ICTNET uses Wordnet to find synonyms . An issue discovered during pooling was that the training qrels for topics 7 and 51 included some docids that were not in the official XML version of the collection . For instance , dbpedia.org or freebase.org provide cross-domain information , geonames .org publishes geographic information , pubmed.org information in the domain of life-science . To improve the result , we have also done some reconciliation based on third-party database IDs shared by Freebase and Wikidata , like MusicBrainz 30 , VIAF 2 , etc . Toolbar , and Windows Live Toolbar , as well as those targeted at users with specific interests e.g . The goal of the evaluation is to show that the best way of scoring Web objects is balancing structured and unstructured retrieval method , when the object information is collected from multiple inconsistent data sources . These isolated nodes are removed from the respective network and the remaining ones form a connected component . The information they gathered during that period consists of 72 ,916 users , 1 ,628 movies , and 2 ,811 ,983 numeric ratings ranging from 0 to 5 . We instantiate the problem by choosing Facebook as the social network , and eBay as the e-commerce website 1 . Again , compared with the baseline runs , the differences in recall changes are not statistically significant . The list was then expanded by including the top 50 similar artists for each of the artists . community discovery to see the effects of sampling . DBpedia , GeoNames , DBLP , MusicBrainz and the FOAF profiles are only a few examples of knowledge bases which have been made available in semantic web formats RDFOWL ; but any social network , digital library metadata collection , commercial catalog and in principle any relational database could be easily and mostly syntactically transformed into a local semantic web by exposing its data on the Web in RDFOWL . If sparse matrix representations are used , the running time is Onmρk 2 + mk 3 where ρ is the fraction of possible ratings available . Because mapping among their IDs is complicated , we extracted the sets of expansion variants for each of them separately and applied each rule set in isolation . People may not want to have arguments with their real life friends and family members online i.e . tested several methods on the Eachmovie dataset , and used two different metrics , one of which was MAE . We processed more than 8 million article abstracts in PubMed for the years from 2005 to 2015 . US government spending , energy usage and public healthcare . Some stories receive sufficient number of diggs in a limited period of time and are then selected promoted , in the Digg jargon to be displayed on the Digg homepage , where they are called popular sto- ries . The Yelp model contains more content units but has fewer domain keyphrases and links , indicating the knowledge underlying Yelp reviews is less structured . to build our thesaurus . , related diseases , and diseases until a potential point of insertion is found where one or more senses exist in WordNet for the class label . libra , when applied on top of the Facebook platform pi ∈ P are the Facebook pages the worker likes and Ti = { t1.tn } is the set of tasks previously completed by wi . The second set of movies are selected from the top-200 movies in MovieLens . Similarly , for DBpedia and LinkedMDB , the average running time was 35 ms per case . Discussion . Thus , the hand labeled categories in PubMed are not sufficient for direct use in PERSIVAL . In the second type of networks , only non-negative scores are given . Geographical locations are defined by the GeoNames ontology 3 by establishing the concept of a Feature as a means to represent any geographical entity . Following TREC-9 the evaluation of English-Chinese retrieval moved to the NTCIR Evaluation that is coordinated by the National Institute of Informatics in Japan http : research.nii.ac.jpntcirworkshopwork-en.html . For example , Figure 1shows a phishing page impersonating eBay , which is identical to the real eBay log-in page shown in Figure 2 . Section 5 describes the experiments we have done with PopRank and Libra to evaluate the effectiveness of our approach . For each dataset we additionally use a prefix of 64 GiB to explore the parameter space ; these are referred to as GOV2-64 , CC-64 and KERNEL-64 . Europeana datasets come via different channels : individual institutions , European projects , thematic portals . Moreover , the curves on . In S we can see the term columbus , which comes from the description field of UniProt for the entry HBG2 HUMAN and refers to a position variant . Sequences are basically ordered lists of events , but not time-stamped . In this section , we present two sets of experimental results comparing CNB and LD-CNB models . We use the standard gov2 test collection of the TREC 2004 Terabyte Track , stored in URL-sort order . We estimated the models from the raw tags associated with ten million geotagged Flickr images , uploaded to Flickr before October 2010 . Using only the broadest data point from the census-raw population-we can compare the poten­ tial audiences for different viral texts . WordNet similarity ranker WR uses WordNet 3 in order to capture semantic similarities between the query being ranked and the previous queries entered by the same user . It is noteworthy that the search term does return a match in the local Flickr site search . The second challenge is that the Wikidata community is very eager to have references for their statements , i.e . For job ads posted on organizations ' Facebook pages , we obtain highest F1 scores for sRBF-Work4Oracle and Lasso-Work4Oracle . Only on WT10G , pivoted TF-IDF performs slightly better than MATF . But due to the larger number of edges in Epinions , the source edge instances have a larger influence in model learning . We have not find where the bug lies . Our retrieval example employs a basic CBIR technology , using three color and four texture features , which we treat as a black box . For each paper , we recorded its title , abstract and URL from which Citeseer obtained it . The usefulness of miniature versions of web pages -web page thumbnails -along with or instead of textual summaries in presenting search results has been a topic of research for a decade . We evaluated the effectiveness of our proposed methods with three experiments . By using more training data the model is able to uncovered additional structure in the relationship between the eBay auction features and the potential for profit as encoded by the objective variables . Interestingly , although a large fraction of the blogs listed on Blogspot are spam , the constraints that a blogger have a profile and that the size of a blogpost be within certain limits removed almost all the spam – to the point that a random hand-check of 100 blogposts revealed clean spam-free data . Figure 2c and Figure 3c summarizes the distributions of the number of testing data according to the groups in the training data . For the results of classical in Last.fm , VC obtains the higheset Spearman coefficient 0.781 , followed by BUIR 0.780 and CCF 0.765 . Instead , these results are intended to provide one example of how PubMed users might realistically behave . The assessment process takes weights two facets of a tag in a particular document : i its popularity , as recorded in social bookmarking systems , such as LibraryThing 1 LT and ii its frequency , if it exists as term in the document ; the document is retrieved in digital collections , such as Google Books 2 GB , which offer , among others , automated indexing services . Thus , no relevance judgment by human experts was needed . For initial experiments , we use the Corel image collection for training and testing to assign five keywords per image . To copy otherwise , or republish , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists , requires prior specific permission andor a fee . The boxplot on the right summarizes the values . Freebase always has supported developer access to the data ; in order to still cater for this need , a new API for entity search powered by Google 's Knowledge Graph was launched . It provided over 68 ,000 images , organized into classes of about 100 images , each with roughly the same topic . Section 5 presents the hierarchical classification approach to image annotation . We now discuss the effect of replacing the TREC intent sets with the NTCIR ones on statistical significance testing : Table 4summarises the results . However , the reciprocal rank was 1 with smoothing . Each context was defined by a latitudelongitude coordinate . Single view clustering on the combined view leads to mixed sults : sometimes better and sometimes worse . Such sites typically have no internal structure i.e . However , they were only implemented and tested on small numerical datasets from the UCI archives 19 . While the user stumbles through the content , the user has the option to thumb-up like or thumb-down dislike the recommendations . De Choudhury 2009 investigated the prediction of group activity in Flickr groups using social actions between group members and Cox , Clough , and Siersdorfer 2011 characterized Flickr groups based on membership , communication activity , and structure . A similar study on Twitter 's posts was conducted by E. Meij and was published on his private blog 13 , but focused on different measures and was conducted on a fewdifferent set of annotators . We think that such an equivalency engine would not only help the BBC interlink their internal datasets with each other and with DBpedia , but would also be beneficial for outside developers , enterprises and the larger web . However , CiteSeer currently faces significant challenges of interoperability and scalability that must be overcome in order to improve the quality of the services provided and to guarantee that CiteSeer will continue to be a valuable , up-to-date resource well into the foreseeable future . Most of these URIs are named sequentially , so that tree coding size is bigger than delta before compression , as it only stores the difference and tree repeats the whole identifier . In this set of experiments we use four UCI regression data sets . This approach risks missing concepts that moved to another part of speech category , but we assume this to occur very infrequently or not at all . Census data generation from left and right images is done in parallel . However , for the two Web collections , our model significantly outperforms both MRF variants . Our experiments indicate that Figure 5 there is a lack of consensual agreement among members of the group on their annotations . The custodians and their data were requested precisely because they were deemed responsive to the investigation . We selected DBpedia v3.6 , Geonames v2.2.1 , NYTimes and LinkedMDB from the LOD cloud to evaluate our framework . QL+SubQL and DM+SubQL 30 are the subset query distribution methods , which combine the original query with a distribution of subset queries . This problem was solved using a mapping from Yelp categories to more general categories . As discussed in Section 1 , by linking answer candidates to Freebase , our system is entitled with several unique advantages , such as reducing the redundancy among answer candidates and effortlessly granting answer candidates with Freebase entity types . The metadata records that could be finally contributed to Europeana are approximately 6800 . A web dataset containing about 50 million web pages , randomly selected from the Clueweb collection distributed by 3 . As expected results on tweets are lower than those on news stories . For example , in the case of Freebase , our entity type Person pw : person is mapped to http : rdf.freebase.comnspeopleperson , and for each extracted person entity Freebase is queried for lexically matching concepts of the mapped type . We use the benchmark data set MovieLens , which includes 100 ,000 ratings 1–5 from 943 users on 1682 movies . Abstract A distributed information retrieval system with resource-selection and result-set merging capability was used to search 1000 subsets of the gov2 document corpus for the 2008 TREC Million Query Track . Uniprot is highly compressible due to the massive presence of URIs , which benefits the compression of the dictionary . Similar pattern can be observed on the TREC4-Kmeans . Movie genre is used as the equivalent of query aspects in MovieLens , and social tags assigned to artists by Last.fm users are used for the same purpose in the music dataset . We used the Flickr API to download the list of favorite photos for all known users , based on the final snapshot of our Flickr social network graph . For MovieLens dataset , we extracted a subset of 500 users with more than 40 ratings . Flat files have been serialized into batches of documents called Chunks , and further compressed . , someone prefers to only listen to 80s songs . This dataset contains features extracted from 66 ,000 Corel stock images . , Flickr 6 has attracted lots of research efforts . This data set records the rating behavior of on-line raters on a shopping site called Epinions 8 . We indexed the 13 ,551 ,650 downloaded tweets as follows . Figure 6a compares citation distributions in CiteSeer versus DBLP . Similar results hold for the wt100g collection , where a model of about 10 Mb offers substantial space and time savings over no model at all , but returns diminish as the model size increases . It is very useful to treat them as one word in the bag-of-words retrieval models . The classes were randomly chosen from Freebase , disregarding classes whose candidate set did not include a valid match in FrameBase . Topics for this task were drawn from a large collection of queries that were collected by a large Internet search engine . Number of nuclei with the density above 0.8 is significant : 139 for soc-sign-epinions , 355 for web-NotreDame , and 1874 for wikipedia-200611 . are typical examples of LBRSs . The remaining 12372 proteins are considered negative samples where a small number of them may be unknown drug targets . List of Friends – This list constitutes Facebook users who have been accepted as friends . A prime example is Europeana , whose goals are to serve as an aggregator for cultural heritage institution data . Digg also allows users to designate other users as friends and makes it easy to track friends ' activities . ment information processing CDIP , dealing with scanned documents that contain non-textual items as well as printed text . The small TPR from Yelp to Twitter likely comes from the fact that the same user may adopt drastically different kinds of textual structure when writing Yelp reviews typically complete paragraphs using words mostly found in the English lexicon versus when tweeting typically short sentences with fewer standard words . Its power is achieved because it is not forced to deal with a hodge-podge of documents . , leniency or criticality may influence sellers ' product advertising behavior in eBay . During this tagging process , tags which have been previously assigned to users are not visible and therefore it is unlikely that imitation behavior plays a major role in Twitter 6 . Topic 7 happened in early July , but the streamcorpus does n't have data for that time period , other than arxiv , so the organizers have ignored this topic . Finally , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings . The language models È ´Éµ were either estimated on http : www.archive.org the document collection WT10g or on the collection of anchor based pseudo documents . T , the number of expansion terms was adjusted in our preliminary experiment with NTCIR queries from # 31 to # 83 and TREC 3 . In our official runs , in the third step all Wikipedia pages without matches to the Category B URL 's are dropped from the ranking . 9 focuses on Freebase , an open-domain crowdsourced knowledge base operated by Google . We could also have used the various fields of EntrezGene , UniProt and OMIM more carefully . Early work on acknowledgments was carried out manually . We experimented on a subset of 10 ,000 records extracted randomly from the user-donated subset of BibServ , which contains 21 ,805 citations . We then evaluated the following : the percentage of correctly extracted geographic names ; given the city regions on a map , we compared the coverage offered by TagMaps and Gazetiki ; for elements found in both Gazetiki and Geonames , we calculated the precision of our classification procedure using the categorization of geographic names in Geonames as the gold standard ; for elements common to Gazetiki and Geonames we measured the distance between the coordinates in both databases ; Syntactically , we can of course regard them as contexts . When Google publicly launched Freebase back in 2007 , Freebase was thought of as a Wikipedia for structured data . It is capable of finding relevant articles from the entire PubMed database for a given PubMed citation . Our corpus reader was developed based on the streamcorpus toolkit provided by the TREC KBA track . In addition to friend 's name , Digg also gives the date friend joined Digg . They are proper to the definition of informative articles . The main contribution of this paper is an extensive trace-driven analysis of users ' digging activities on submitted stories . Request permissions from permissions @ acm.org . Datasets For our experiments we use two different datasets which we refer to as Last.fm and upcoming , respectively . This dataset contains 13 ,000 users with 192 ,400 directed edges between them . Europeana has also defined a set of guidelines 4 regarding the coding , the testing and the deployment of the components that make up its architecture . We chose UniProt dataset with 845 ,074 ,885 triples , 147 ,524 ,984 subjects , 95 predicates , and 128 ,321 ,926 objects 23 , which is a protein dataset . Our third data set uses the topics for the wt10g web collection . Their work is based on a sample of 4514 eBay auctions . Leveraging Digg APIs , our crawl of the WCC started with the user kevinrose , the founder of Digg and inserted the user name into an initially empty queue . Collection size is defined here as the number of unique documents contained in a document collection . We focus on content consisting of posts the author has designated as public , meaning that anyone on Facebook is eligible to view it , and we further restrict our attention to content in the form of photos , which comprise the majority of reshare cascades on Facebook 9 . Then we use WordNet to establish the hierarchy of classes , because WordNet offers an ontologically well-defined taxonomy of synsets . Utilizing the observations that Digg users submit their Digg articles and vote thumbs up for the Digg articles submitted by others depending on their topic preferences , we designed our generative model to describe the probabilistic processes of submitting and digging articles by each user . The IIT CDIP project subsequently reformatted the metadata and OCR , combined the metadata with a slightly different version obtained from UCSF in July 2005 , and discarded some documents with formatting problems , to produce the IIT CDIP 1.0 collection . For this reason , we evaluate the work in the context of Libra . , features based on IP addresses , geolocations , networksession logs , mouse gestures , click behaviors , social network interactions friend and fan relations of reviewers at its website , etc . So from the results we can see that the Kendall Rank Correlation Coefficient is a more effective similarity measure for finding users with similar preferences . The results shown in Table 2suggest that when faced with data as regular as that found in the datasets Drugbank , DBpedia and Jamendo , our approach really only needs a single example to be able to reconstruct the enrichment pipeline that was used . Because our aim is to classify blog articles , those articles selected from Sohu site are only used as a part of the training data . We first identify context-independent queries from the given Toronto examples based on mapping to a two-level Yelp-like ontology . The tools and procedures worked out and described in this paper have benefits for Europeana and for every initiative of aggregation of digital content . For the first set , we generated three indices over the WT10g corpus using Indri 5 . Protein names in search results can be highlighted by users and if they want to know more about these proteins , just click on them and follow links to access UniProt databases . Libra Academic Search , or simply Libra , is a digital library focused on the Computer Science field that allows free search of bibliographic data . 26 applied Support Vector Regression to rank the reviews of a popular news aggregator Digg . We use four publiclyavailable datasets , including MovieLens 100K Dataset , MovieLens 1M Dataset , subset of Netflix Dataset and subset of Eachmovie Dataset . The proximity operators like w15 are also dropped . The snapshot consisted of 1.5 TB of scanned document images , as well as metadata records and optical character recognition OCR output produced from the images by UCSF . Table 1shows a simple statistics on the first 1 ,000 images of the MIR Flickr-2008 . A few samples images for ORL , PIE and FRGC are shown in Figure 2We first show the effectiveness of NDPE compare to NPE and baseline for three face databases in Figure 3 , Figure 4and Figure 5 . They compose more than 1.89 million duplication pairs . First , all the PubMed citations for the given 50 topics were downloaded from the PubMed using the Entrenz utilities provided by the NCBI 29 . CESSM implements eleven semantic similarity measures ; some of them are measures specifically developed for the GO ontology while others are general measures . Firstly , the query is submitted to PubMed 3 . This constitutes the Facebook all dataset . Then , the most semantically similar images of each SOM cluster will be used to train SVMs . With 1 % of documents cached , about 222 Mb for the wt100g collection , around 80 % of disk seeks are avoided . Although this allows for the automatic generation of code stubs to programmatically access the CiteSeer services , the WSDL description does not carry the semantics of the underlying service . We selected Facebook Pages in different verticals topics . The Wikipedia data is highly structured , with many common elements repeated from page to page , whereas gov2 contains highly diverse material from every branch of the US government . They represent two very large web text collections in English . Theoretically in each server resides an RDF triple-store or a repository of RDF data . If it were not this way , it would be difficult to locate anything . This pruned data set contains 2 ,056 ,487 UIT relations , resulting in a density of 7.2 * 10 −7 fraction Decision tree classifiers provide feasible solutions to both the MDL and MDA problems . The Wikipedia base run with only links throws out a number of primary Wikipedia pages that do not have a link to a Clueweb page . The time to predict all missing ratings for a user is Onk 2 and is independent of the number of users . They are all two classification problems . As mentioned before , eBay is the world 's most popular auction site with over 200 million registered users , and is representative of other sites offering similar services . , 2002 . In Section 5.4 , we analyze the errors of our query classification method and their effects on the retrieval accuracy , for which we used the NTCIR-3 and NTCIR-4 collections . The uncompressed size of these web pages is 426GB . Queries were formulated from the topic 's title . In addition to external text data , many knowledge bases , including Freebase , contain text data as well , e.g . The Enron email dataset 8 is the archive email from many of the senior management of Enron Corporation , and is now the public record . The Thalia dataset 2 is a publicly available dataset of relational database tables representing University course catalogs from computer science departments around the world . Single author papers appear to be disadvantaged with regard to the CiteSeer acquisition method . Digg users can vote thumbs up or thumbs down , called digging or burying respectively , for each Digg article . Enron stock This is potentially due to the fact that these users had watched many movies before joining MovieLens – they rated these movies to help MovieLens understand their preference better . Interests include sports and types of sports , music , fashion , computers , news , social issues , and many more subcategories . From this comparison one could , for example , extract terms that distinguish between the relevant and non-relevant documents . The confidence weight of each domain is set from 1000 to 50000 . Flixster is a social networking service in which users can rate movies and add some users to their friend list to create a social network . , DBpedia and WordNet , and therefore it covers more entities than DBpedia . These BitMat sizes include the size of the meta-file too . 5 It is these kind of markets for which a marketplace like eBay is most attractive to buyers , implying that bidders in these markets may be more likely to return to eBay . The reasons include : 1 Rexa only supports paper search and author search , thus can not make use of dependencies between authors , papers , and conferences ; 2 Libra supports search of the three objects . recommendations to a user regarding which items she may find interesting . Specifically , we wanted to see if the Essential Dimensions of Latent Semantic Indexing EDLSI 5 approach would scale to this large collection and what the optimal k value would be . The xaxis shows the percentage of documents that are held in the cache , so 1.0 % corresponds to about 185 ,000 documents . A good example is the homogenized datasets provided by the IPUMS Integrated Public Use Microdata Series project . The gov2 query set was used to train this classifier . In this experiment , we tested various attributes from census data compiled by U. S. Census Bureau 17 . For example , Last.fm user profiles list up to six randomly selected friends . With respect to precision , we can see that Yelp is most effective , with distance , followed by Facebook and Foursquare , and that Google Places is rather ineffective . Section 3.2 describes how we select a subgraph of the entire object link graph . The Aggregator supports an extensible pool of transformations from well-known metadata formats to EDM . However , mixed results were obtained on the item-based CF method . Table 4shows some of the CCU causal relationships discovered on census data . Finally , the last demo is from biology . Similar to MovieLens , we considered documents with likeability scores of 4 or 5 as relevant . CiteSeer makes extensive use of the UNIX semantics e.g . All disks were 7200 RPM . We match the urls of the existing external links on the Wikipedia pages with the urls in the Clueweb collection . One goal in our metadata cleanup work is to improve the usefulness of the data for social network analysis and other data mining tasks . Only eBay uses the local time on the client 's machine for session binding . The FLICKR AVG is closer to HAA MIN for high values of HAA MIN , indicating that tourists tend to spend less time than expected visiting sites to which human experts assign a long minimum visit time . We obtained our real-life data set from the US Census Bureau www.census.gov . For the censored story , we include all diggs it received from submission to the end time of ST. most , which leads us to believe that Digg is a democratic community : the voice of the majority is heard . Working with a track coordinator , she attempted to find documents that were both relevant to a topic and unlikely to be highly ranked by ranked retrieval systems . Their full documentation can be obtained from the UCI website . Databases like this one are inherently incomplete as described in Table 1 . Figure 5 : RadixZip to bzip2 ratios v stream width across all streams in census data . WordNet is an English language dictionary and is organized in so called synsets . These are the documents which narrate that some gasoil spill incident caused by Enron has taken place and the consequent clean up efforts have been initiated . Each of these categories is represented by the vector of WordNet synsets that are semantically related to its corresponding top concept called QTC-Question type characteristics . The Freebase Dump which is included in the ClueWeb12 dataset is an RDF version of Freebase that was provided by Google , Inc. We use the Freebase Dump to help recognize the entities in the queries . At this moment the context information of the collection is scant . Indexing . WordNet does n't contain terms from all the fields of human activities . Dataset SIGIR05 contains web pages for very common person names , which are formed using the census data . Pubmed creates chunks from this query which represent entries in MeSH 4 . http : pages.ebay.comhelpbuybidding-ov.html # about The model differentiates between : the intellectual and technical creation that is submitted by a provider , the object this structure is about , and the digital representations of this object , which can be accessed over the web 4 . We have partly crawled the social book catalog LibraryThing http : www.librarything.com with a total of 9 ,986 users , 6 ,453 ,605 books with 14 ,295 ,693 tags , and 17 ,317 friendship edges . The work that most closely resembles the work we describe here is that of Heymann and Garcia-Molina 9 whose research compares tags with a controlled vocabulary . The thalia testbed is specifically aimed at benchmarking rdb2rdf tools 11 . However , it is also desirable to recommend the relevant articles with low Digg scores to user 's preference . At the same threshold , ppjoin+ can achieve 5x speed-up on DBLP-3GRAM , 4x speed-up on Enron , and 2.6x speed-up on DBLP . Indeed , since Europeana is strongly focussed on the specific context of cultural heritage , its users are likely to be more skilled and therefore they tend to use a more diverse vocabulary . In our experiment , we split the parsed tweets into training and testing data set with an 8020 proportion and cross-validation is used . Table IV , V and VI show the performance comparisons of all feature extractors in ORL , PIE and FRGC databases , respectively . Predicates and subjects precede objects in sublists , and both lists and sublists are ordered lexicographically . We use the POS n-grams extracted from WT10G or . The Enron corpus was made public during the legal investigation concerning the Enron Corporation . A more exhaustive and objective evaluation of its effectiveness is required , with the accuracy of its labeling measured against a manual labeling of eBay users e.g . These arc LISP macros that can be used to add new knowledge and conceptual structures to the system . PubMed , which is part of the National Center for Biotechnology Information NCBI , is a centralized repository that indexes millions of biomedical publications 4 . The statistics of this data source is summarized in Table 6 . We compare the found optimal settings for the CG and EC components to their combination using our training collection Enron . The corpus is divided into 11948 folders , each one represents one distinct hour . We chose two sets of base functions for our experiments . Table 1shows the mean agreement measures of all users on the personal and Corel dataset . In the Cora domain , we performed five-fold cross validation . Freebase entities can be associated to several types . Our experiments on Flixster and Twitter datasets show the validity and usefulness of the explanations generated by our framework . We also see that best SVD model consistently outperforms both approaches on binary and rating NDCG . Take for instance the Uniprot database ; a measure of measures of credibility of a functional annotation made by a Uniprot curator , whether based on the evidence codes to which we alluded earlier or other evidence , is bound to be long-lived , relative to the execution of a query to Uniprot . For Jamendo we deploy manually one experimental pipeline : To this end , we deployed a manual enrichment pipeline , in which we enrich Jamendo 's music data by adding additional geospatial data found by applying the NLP enrichment function 4 DrugBank is the Linked Data version of the DrugBank database , which is a mo : biography . Expert editors manually selected the correct URIs for all the entities in the collection to create the ground truth for our experiments . Some optimization rules are applied in order to improve search efficiency . In particular , we use the Wikipedia dump dated on 2011-10-07 4 . Yelp geographic hypothesis . This probably reflects the tendency of WT10g to favor entire servers while at the same time having many fewer pages overall than the Altavista crawls . The image database consisting of 7 ,700 images from COREL image database . Cormack et al . This set contains all the timestamp differences between posts on the two sites potentially corresponding to the same content e.g . Filters reduce the size of the search space by eliminating non-feasible actions from the inventory . Yet , exploiting the nice properties of the objective function , we developed a simple greedy algorithm . We provide an overview of the current functionalities supported by CiteSeer-API and outline what we feel are the next necessary steps for enabling CiteSeer services on the Semantic Web . All six distributions fit the . In order to manage all information submitted by multiple content providers to Europeana a digital repository was introduced , departing from earlier practice in Europeana aggregation . In this study , we consider four different online social networks from which we can extract positive links : Epinions , Slashdot , Wikivote , Twitter . To measure the quality of the TOC extraction we compute the minimal tree edit distance in comparison to the heading tree from PubMed , calculated by the Zhang-Shasha algorithm 8 15. is the strongest similarity relationship found in clusters . The ratings in Movielens-1M and Netflix are on a scale from 1 to 5 , while the EachMovie rating scale is from 1 to 6 . To create the ontology-based QCOs , we make use of the domain hierarchy of Freebase . E associates each user to the eBay metacategories from which the user has bought at least once . classification accuracy . IIT CDIP 1.0 has had strengths and weaknesses as a collection for the Legal Track . The eBay taxonomy comprises of around 25 main categories . Interaction data is also collected in Facebook for analysis . Finally , Section 5 provides a contrasts the present approach with other relevant tech- niques . Today , as a result of many independent research projects and commercial initiatives , relatively large and important knowledge repositories have been made available which actually are or can be easily tranformed into local semantic webs , namely sets of statements connecting to each others any type of resource through properties which are defined in some schema or vocabulary . Although the original scanned documents are also available on request , we do not know of any site that has used them . Our intuition is , that Twitter users who tweet a link to Flickr , are likely to tweet about their own Flickr account . The default format is an English Auction . A genetic algorithm CA searches candidate action plans , represented as a chromosome in the form of a list of action modules . The users of Flickr can subscribe to interest groups and add other users as friends . We experimentally showed the effectiveness of out techniques on real data . We analyze dynamics of a network at its infancy Renren , and the first year of Facebook dataset where Facebook becomes an open service , and its consolidation period overall Facebook dataset . This may be extremely useful in automatic cleaning of the IIT CDIP 1.0 corpus which , in its cleaned version , will be very important to the E-Discovery community . Figure 4demonstrates the three techniques based on loading the Facebook comments box Figure 3 in iframes . , and other contextual information as graph nodes , belonging to different node types but co-existing and mutually influencing each other in the graph 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 11 , 12 . CiteSeer also uses PageRank and HITS algorithm . Most of them love the convenience of easily searching protein names , locating highlighted protein names in search results , and accessing UniProt database for detailed protein information through links . Section 3 presents the three proposed fuzzy data cube based mining methods . We stored the We evaluate BUIR extensively on three real-world datasets that represent a spectrum of different media : YouTube videos , Flickr photos and Last.fm music . Nevertheless , when inspecting the tags Last.fm users provided for this track , we can not really identify these concepts . Five data sets were taken from UCI repository that contain relatively large number of samples . Flickr group is a collection of images created by users with certain common interest . They use data from LibraryThing , an online book catalogue where users rate and tag books they have read . Three types of servers are logged : player-vsenvironment PvE , player-vs-player PvP , and role playing RP . In the 2009 run of this track 1 the focus was on what aspects of documents the users are interested in , how they make use of various search tools , and finding out new challenges for the coming iTracks . We then defined 25 categories which are list in Table 1 . We use the CESSM Collaborative Evaluation of GO-based Semantic Similarity Measures 18 to evaluate ColorSim on a dataset composed of pairs of proteins from UniProt . b Winner takes all in search interest data from Google-Insights for Facebook green and Myspace red . This work builds on a previous architectural proposal for digital libraries 13 . Such small value of α means that the most popular queries submitted to Europeana do not account for a significantly large portion of the query log . The numbers also indicate that CrunchBase misses a significant number of facts . Using Taily shard selection , gov2 had no unaccessed shards for either query set , and for the ClueWeb09 collection , 7 % and 4 % of shards were unaccessed by the AOL and MQT training sets respectively . Then , using an image training set , a codebook of 1 ,000 blocks is built using the k -means algorithm . Additionally if there exists a rich folksonomy the users ' vocabulary assessment could be replaced by the local folksonomy logs , instead of retrieving information from the LibraryThing . Freebase , a collaborative knowledge graph , contains more than 43.9 million entities , interconnected by 2.4 billion facts . The vocabulary contains 168 unique terms . UniProt database contains comprehensive factual databases for protein sequence and annotation data , and is a collaboration between the European Bioinformatics Institute EBI , the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics SIB and the Protein Information Resource PIR7 . Similarly , Llama – Location Profiles , which allows to change the ringtones depending on the context and location , was tagged as an anomaly because it is not common for personalization applications to access the user 's location and calendar . The coverage for the non-geographic part is about 33 % . To make the Excel forms more user friendly for the judges , hyperlinks were added to the PubMed record for the PMID for the journal article for each passage , and also to enable quick access to the PubMed MeSH browser . For Q6 the margin of difference between cold cache times of RDF-3X and BitMat was quite small . , Facebook , Foursquare , Yelp , and Google Places provide more effective training data ? Last . We evaluate on two publicly accessible datasets : Yelp 1 and Amazon Movies 2 . The proposed method outperforms simple WordNet-based approaches such as Edgecounting and Information Content measures . Freebase entities called topics have a wikipedia key that links to the corresponding Wikipedia URI , which makes the translation from a Wikipedia entity to a Freebase entity straightforward . We conduct our analyses using data collected from the MovieLens website . wireshark.org to analyze the network traffic . The Humboldt-Merger is implemented as a standalone Java application . The two databases are constructed in very different ways . Notably , UniProt Q1 , Q2 had a high number of initial triples and the join results were quite unselective . The upcoming stories list is less popular than the front page . We assume the user has adopted the movie as long as this user ever provided a rate on the movie . They support the content providers in every phase of their work for Europeana and in parallel allow content coordinators to monitor the evolutions of the activities . We compared KBA with other algorithms for imbalanced-data learning . Surprisingly , this percentage remains fairly constant throughout the evolution of the Epinions data set . LibraryThing www.librarything.org is a web service for managing book collections , allowing , among other things , to tag books . CiteSeer focuses on literature in computer and information sciences and engineering . We specifically compare on the Adult data set from the UCI repository using a linear kernel . For instance , if Facebook had 100M users , and Asian Americans made up 4.4 % of the U. S. Internet population , we would expect to find 4.4M Asian users on Facebook . An example observation in RDF format is given below . We tested three LSI variants on a series of 10 queries on the TREC Legal batch corpus , the IIT Complex Document Information Processing IIT CDIP test collection , which contains approximately 7 million documents 57 GB of uncompressed text . Finally , we compare PCPM , WPCPM with LDA , SAVE and CPM in terms of classification on four datasets from UCI . Then the same system with anchor text index of the ClueWeb is used to gain the top 50 documents for each query . Their goal was to bring ABA , Uniprot , KEGG Pathway , PharmGKB and Linking Open Drug Data 16 data sets together in order to solve the challenge of finding drugs that target elements within a disease pathway , but are not yet used to treat the disease . ### In the experiments conducted on Enron email dataset , the minimum support threshold minsup is set as 4 to generate the GSPs and the minimum length of GSPs is restricted to 2. on Enron email dataset . Large amounts of cultural heritage CH material are now available through online digital library portals , such as Europeana 1 . Geonames , which defines a concept scheme of feature codes , is the only vocabulary in our dataset , which has at least one documentation property assigned to all of its concepts . The performance was not the focus of our system . Each employee in Enron is identified by an email address . The results of the RUM method are better than those of the UUM method , which is satisfactory . Our experiments ran on about 1 million papers from DBLP 1 and reference information crawled from Libra 2 . We also apply the filtering of navigational queries as proposed above . Compared to FDA , NDPE obtains superior performance in ORL and PIE databases . POI recommendation has attracted significant attention recently with the popularity of LBSN 3 , 6 , 25 , 26 . We observe a particular trend . We use WordNet to add additional metadata WordNet senses both to the file name and to each token of the path , thus capturing all meaningful information implicitly available through the file and folder names . In fact , Yelp can employ many other behavioral features extracted from its internal data , e.g . For example , each page of musician on Last.fm has URL like http : www.last.fmmusic* , and each page of songs of musician on Yahoo ! For our training , we started from the fact that the . Figure 5compares the RMSE of the comparison partners for different sets of users in both the contexts – rating and trust , for Epinions . Figure 7gives the results on EPINIONS dataset . We do not consider the image concepts that the collection provides . The used dataset covers 191 ,108 ,462 listening events by 16 ,429 active Last.fm users , who listened to 9 ,163 ,123 unique tracks from 2 ,372 ,601 unique albums by 1 ,140 ,014 unique artists . In fact , over 99 % of the feedback in the eBay corpus used in their study 33 was positive . It is hence easily possible to express further classifications such as the class of the geographical dimension e.g . First , we reformatted the tweets to the XML format of the IIT CDIP collection used in the Legal Track in 2006Track in -2009so that we could re-use essentially the same indexing scripts . For each co-rated item , we derive xuvi from rui − rvi . As a first step , our intention is to take some elements from folksonomies and ontologies to improve annotation , searching and browsing in Freesound.org . If the crawl is stopped at half the number of pages , the collection will still have most of the important pages , as modern crawling strategies focus on crawling the most important pages first . Here we verify our subspace algorithms for the intensively studied topic , face recognition . When adding stopwords , WordNet displays almost the same mean and variation as Aspell . For the TREC Enron Corpus we were working with , this represents less than 1 custodian of the 104 identified in the TREC Enron Corpus we were studying , or 0.962 % . As shown in Figure 10a , a user can explicitly connect her Taobao account to her SinaWeibo account in the personal settings page . As in our case , their results indicated that meta-data was helpful in their Flickr event detection scenario . WT10g does not include images contained within the pages , and pages that were obviously not text or obviously non-English were also eliminated 1 . The similarity in largest component coverage is striking , but the smaller exponents in the WT10g distributions indicate a more gradual falling-off of component sizes . The PopRank link analysis model described and motivated in the foregoing has been fully implemented , and has been evaluated in the context of an research prototype called 1 The objects ranked by domain experts Libra indexing 1 million computer science papers . We divided WT100g into 12 tables , each with their own set of inverse document frequencies . In our experiments , we downloaded and used the latest versions of EntrezGene , UniProt and OMIM . We experimented with the MovieLens 1 , EachMovie 2 , and book-crossing 3 data sets . We conducted a series of experiments on four real-world datasets : MovieLens-100K , MovieLens-1M , Dianping and Yahoo ! To remove NER errors we restrict the candidate entities to those in Freebase . This data , together with the citation data taken from Libra , allowed us to exploit several feature groups and analyze their ability to classify conferences according to the three Perfil-CC categories . The geo-location is based on the 'home ' location of the user , as converted by the Geonames server www.geonames.org . Users in Epinions can create both positive trust and negative distrust links to other users , which results in a signed network G. They can also rate various products with scores ranging from 1 to 5 . We use an experimental approach on Facebook to measure the spread of information sharing behaviors . In 5 , recommending URLs in Twitter messages was studied by exploiting the social network of users and the popularity of the URLs in Twitter . Enron data set statistics . The first is using their Facebook account to bootstrap basic profile information when they first sign up . In particular , we consider a bipartite authors-to-papers network of DBLP AUTHTOPAP-DBLP , Enron email network EMAIL-ENRON , a co-authorship network of Arxiv Astro physics papers COAUTH- ASTRO-PH , and a social network of Epinions.com EPINIONS . Let W = { w1 , . Responses to queries over the abstracts included in PubMed are currently presented in ranked lists that are similar to the responses of most Web search engines . That means in MovieLens-1M data set , by using MCoC , the rate of hit items in NPCA 's recommendation list is reduced , whereas the positions of hit items are moved up . Then for each candidate entity with an entry in Freebase we obtain the category labels associated with the candidate e f b . In this evaluation , we used Mean Reciprocal Rank MRR as the evaluation measure . In Section 3 we summarize the model developed in earlier works . For both ClueWeb collections , the entity context model with window size 8 performs well . The framework is flexible allowing the user to choose which added functionality to enable . Also , even for recently published papers with few citations , the PopRank could assign proper popularity to them if they are published in good conferences or authored by famous researchers . Most of the improvements are significant . , preferences , popularity , proximity . The concepts from the gold standard exhibit variation with respect to their depths within WordNet conceptual hierarchies , ranging from a minimum of 3 for { object , physical object } , which is manually specified for the gold attribute colors , to a maximum of 13 for { airliner } , which is one of the two gold concepts specified for the gold attribute seating chart . Therefore , when matching semantic frames , we need to consider the semantic similarity between two verbs . The number of conferences is considerable and papers of these conferences have a large amount of metadata including citations , fundamental for this work . Pumsb is often used as the benchmark for evaluating the performance of association rule algorithms on dense data sets . While census generation and image matching are done in separate passes , within these passes operations are pipelined so that data processing proceeds at clock rate . However , neither music nor programmes solved the problem of cross domain linking , nor do they address the issue of disambiguation between multiple controlled vocabularies -the fact that Madonna is both an artist in MusicBrainz , and an actor and a person in Wikipedia . While differing in the type of content that they focus on e.g . The remaining datasets all originate from the UCI repository 2 . The Italian National Institute for Statistics ISTAT provides , under open data licences , information gathered via the 2011 Italian Census 5 . Table 2 Secondly , to populate the Music Ontology , MusicMash2 makes use of Web services which provide needed information each in their own proprietary format , such as , MusicBrainz 14 , Last.fm 15 and DBpedia 16 . For the random walk model , the performances of RW- PCC and RWKRCC are very close on the EachMovie data set while RWKRCC outperformed RWKRCC on the Netflix data . GOV-4 was also extracted from the TREC . This flexibility allows the RCV to be used in a large number of applications , primarily as quick vision for prototype mobile robots . Without the use of document priors , our system has respectable performance . The plot synopsis was utilized to generate a tf-idf representation . The fitness function used for LIBRA is : By CMU search engine , we eased the job of getting information from the huge data set ClueWeb . Training with 50 ,000 users took a little under two hours . Facebook may not always be around . Furthermore , the specificity of the Europeana portal opens up a wide range of possible extensions to current recommendation models , taking advantage of its multi-lingual and multi-media content , and including new kinds of recommendations , e.g . To calculate MAP , we used the top 100 documents . In Figure 1 , we randomly select and show nine image samples from three different categories . A human was asked to derive a plan to move the LIBRA from point A to point B in the H task shown in Figure 9while minimizing joint torques . The scoring function relies on estimating k-mer frequencies . Our motivations for CiteSeer-API are therefore 1 to provide programatical access for all the functionalities supported by CiteSeer-like systems ; 2 to enable interoperability of CiteSeer services with distributed and heterogeneous DL systems . The ratings are integers from 1 to 5 . gov2 and ClueWeb B. datasets , we find an average of 546 distinct words per Twitter account , 730 per Yelp account , and 516 per Flickr account . As of September 2006 , the free software download site download.com , listed 84 anti-phishing toolbars . Yelp provides two-level categorical information for most POIs , while Google Places provides significantly fewer number of categories . We also plan to examine other vision algorithms to take advantage of dynamic foveation . We compile our dataset from real world comments harvested from Flickr Commons . We group all named entities that are found in Freebase using the Freebase categories , and all those found in DBpedia using the corresponding Wikipedia categories . Improving a user 's recommendation involves identifying whether the user will be retained after their initial k sessions . In this challenge , song listening histories were made available for 1.2M users and 380K songs , and the goal was to predict the next 500 songs for a subset of 110K users . It seemed clear that it must also occur in gov2 , although we had no direct evidence in the form of missed relevant documents . We have observed qualitatively similar results in other large social and information networks we have examined . All the three websites , YouTube.com , Last.fm and EASports.com , are represented by their logos respectively . For instance WordNet gives the hypernymy relation between the concepts £ animal¤ and £ bear¤ . Measuring Scalability over both the text and Inverted file we found that the figures for BASE1 to WT100g were very good , while the corresponding figures from BASE10 to WT100g were acceptable . The diversity index for an area is defined by the US Census Bureau as the probability on a scale of 0-1 that two randomly chosen people from the area will have different racial or Hispanicnon-Hispanic backgrounds . The amount of literature in MEDLINE grows by nearly 400 ,000 citations each year . From the results on gov2 , however , we find that the incorporation of the LDA model may even hurt the retrieval performance in most cases . For Jamendo we deploy manually one experimental pipeline : This endeavour is a major undertaking and would constitute a large research project by itself . Our experimental secondary term selection was set more aggressively for this task than in the Main Web , and there would have been some inconsistencies in the terms discarded for different tables in our official runs . The goals of the experimental study are : i to compare the performance of our PopRank model with that of the PageRank model , ii to see how a different level of subgraph approximation could affect the quality and the efficiency of assigning PPF factors ; iii to understand the shape of the search space and evaluate the performance of the factor assignment algorithm SAFA . These clips may also reflect segments where the singer is talking to the audience . An Internet advertiser , e.g . Our second real data set is the census data set nhis93ac NHIS – National Health Interview Survey 1993 . Our results are slightly lower than those of other approaches such as Meij et al . We also use WordNet to determine the semantic categories of a candidate answer . Digg allows users to submit and collectively moderate news stories by voting on them . 4 A comprehensive evaluation using 20 real-world and UCI datasets . Figure 3dFigure 3fshow the tradeoff between C TIME and P @ 30 . We refer to this database as the Census database . Finally , an application is conducted on NTCIR , a large test collection for Japanese , English language pair . Most differences can be attributed to the test collections . The response time in seconds for each sample is averaged and showed in we use 50 ,000 to 200 ,000 synthetic data in 128 dimensions . The data is public and can be downloaded at http : www.cs.cmu.edu enron . In China 1 for example , the major LBS applications Jiepang 2 and Dianping 3 both synchronize their users ' check-in data with the microblogging service Sina Weibo 4 . Thus , in the figure , P30089 is a Uniprot accession number , the LSID-wrapper part of Uniprot 's own naming scheme of which is the URN shown in the oval . In this case , the latent factors for the shared entities are not learnt properly for the dominated context , even for non cold start entities in the dominated context . Facebook provides a freely available API for writing Facebook applications 2 . The headers of these messages were altered so as to appear that they were delivered to the Enron mail server during the same time frame summer 2001 through summer 2002 . For example , a five star rating scale is commonly used in movie recommendation systems such as EachMovie or MovieLens . On Wt10g , RTree improves KC by 11.4 % and 11.0 % with respect to MAP and NDCG10 , respectively . Further details of MovieLens and the MovieLens tagging system can be found in 29 . We use WordNet and eXtended WordNet to measure this verb similarity . The calculation and sorting of PMRA lists are done at the back-end and PubMed is updated periodically with the new PMRA scores . More detailed information about this data are given on the UCI repository website . Further , we might want to include sources that are not available in RDF , but that can be wrapped to produce query results in RDF format . Note that since ratings in Flickr have binary values , rating adoption influence is not applicable to Flickr . The Last.fm dataset contains 1 ,492 ,883 pictures , spread over 58 ,366 events . However , HotDigg aimed to recommend the articles on recent hot topics to general users using the Digg scores and the descriptions of submissions only , while we aims to provide personalized recommendations in this paper . Atlas can group together the cookies associated with a Facebook user using a hashed Facebook id , when the user signs into their Facebook account . Such results are obviously more appealing than a list of URLS , which costs user 's significant efforts to decipher for needed information . HET- EROMF learns a general latent factor for every entity and transfer matrices for every context , to convert the general latent factors into context-dependent latent factors . To determine whether a tag is geographic in nature , in 21 GeoNames 3 is exmployed , a large gazetteer of geographic entities . , Last.fm and whrrl.com , used in our experiments . Europeana collects contextual information or metadata about different types of content , which the users can use for their searches . At the conference , we hope to gather more lessons learned from teams . Once a basic model for a system like COREL was created , the question of how sophisticated the discrimination net should be arose . EachMovie dataset is used as the testbed , which contains 1648 different movies . But the Wikipedia concepts have no obvious counterparts in WordNet . Since some of the experimental runs rely on WordNet 2.1 rather than WordNet 3.0 , the gold attributes are also manually mapped to WordNet 2.1 synsets , whose internal offsets are different but are semantically equivalent to their WordNet 3.0 counterparts , with respect to component phrases , associated definitions , and localization within the conceptual hierarchy . We also present loading and query times for data sets such as the LUBM benchmark data and the Uniprot data set . The second run ming2 obtained at most top 20 returned results from Yelp when using the same query as the first run . The number of instances of this dataset is 1000 instances on 20 attributes . The dataset contains 577 ,985 rating records from 15 ,126 users for 58 ,946 items sparsity : 99.93 % . We made no attempt to screen out such mislabeled documents . We use the subscript ι to indicate that the co-occurrence distribution is computed using the co-occurrence on items . This paper comes from the experience of the two authors as leaders of Work Packages about the Coordination of content within the digital libraries projects to aggregate content for Europeana . Past implicit evaluation work includes 21 , 29 . We note that the comScore data used in our study are not proprietary ; other researchers can purchase the logs from comScore , and can replicate and extend our findings . Flickr API supports search criteria including tag , time , GPS range , etc . In this paper , we have presented a generic framework to link a FRBR work to its corresponding LOD entity , using a query builder as blocking process and refined similarity measures as matching process . The experimental setting was then as follows : The UCI datasets are widely used by the Machine Learning community for evaluating different methods . When the complete Clueweb collection will be considered , this problem could become significantly smaller . Additionally to a dozen of vanilla dense SMT features , both decoders included lexicalized sparse features based on word alignments , indicating source word deletions , target word insertions , and word-to-word mappings . As can be seen the architecture of eBizSearch essentially exploits that of CiteSeer and uses much of that technology . Flickr is an extremely popular online photosharing site . While Taghva and colleagues have conducted many larger studies 8 , their data have been tied up with legal issues and are not publicly available . , 2006 , and preprocessed the gov2 collection in a similar setting . We decided not to rely on other POI search engines such as Yelp or Trip Advisor because we focused on POI category analysis , which requires a consistent labelling mechanism . We performed experiments on relatively balanced , well known UCI datasets 9 { Australia , breast , Cleve , Diabetes , Heart , Horse } as well as imbalanced variations of them . OAI compliance requires additional metadata items than currently available from CiteSeer . The results on WT10g testbed are shown in Table 6 . Freebase 6 publishes 1.9 billion triples , taken from manual user input and existing RDF and Microformat datasets . The Tetherless World Constellation TWC Data-gov corpus , yielded by the Data-gov project at RPI , publishes LGD over 5 billions RDF triples converted from hundreds of Data.gov datasets covering a wide range of topics e.g . These search tasks are over the TREC . We can see that high-frequency words like cancer are representative of the topic coverage of PubMed , unlike low-frequency words like basketball . Finally , the corpus contains multiple view metrics from PLOS and PubMed Central PMC . However , it is unclear if their results generalize to the social media domain since the vocabulary mismatch between WordNet and Twitter might be bigger than between WordNet and news articles . , users must link their national identification number to a microblogging account , for people to declare their professional identities and titles . 1 does not show better performance with increasing number of constraints . In fact , we found many near duplicate pages in ClueWeb 2012 . Similar results can be observed from the EachMovie application . Freebase allows users to create views using a dedicated query language called MQL . For performance considerations , gov2 source text was placed on a different physical disk than the target index . These services enable the processing of citations and the navigation through those citations . Comparison of AAMS and AAMSC shows that combining the anchor-based and content-based retrieval models was effective in improving MRR in NTCIR-4 , but not in NTCIR-5 . In contrast , for low density datasets e.g . We used four publicly available datasets for our experiments : three movie datasets MovieLens 100K , MovieLens1M , EachMovie and a musical artist dataset from Yahoo ! From the WordNet Ontology we exploit the noun glosses . Heterogeneous graphs are formed in many other areas like medical domains containing information about patients , treatments , diseases , contacts or e-commerce platforms representing the complex interactions between different types of nodes like users , products , customers , rating , reviews , etc . Each bin of Gazetiki results stands for a 200 meters radial sector compared to the coordinates of the item in Geonames . However , we only select 10 images for each subject which have the same pose but with significant illumination variations for the experiments . Figure 1shows the top N precision of various methods on MovieLens and Netflix datasets , Fig . , more than 30-fold sparser for purchases and 10-fold sparser for bids with the eBay transactional data . Book-Crossing , EachMovie and MovieLens from GroupLens 2 and the Netflix dataset 1 . The basic idea is to inquire about meaning through questions of the sort identified in Section 1 . The experiment results indicate that our algorithms can successfully identify spatial outliers ignored by the z algorithm and can avoid detecting false spatial outliers . The gov2 collection includes 25 million documents in 426 gigabytes . The query is submitted to PubMed 4 . Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation . In both benchmarks , most content is dynamically generated from information stored in a database . Our verb similarity function is very similar to the weighting function in Moldovan et al . The organizers provide a training set encompassing questions and the corresponding SPARQL queries . And possibly more significantly nor does it address the other domains the BBC has an interest in -news , food , books , sport , natural history etc . 4 Many of the weakly connected components in the Epinions dataset are very small . The same results are observed for the census data , as well as for the forest cover data . , by viewing their feedbacks and profiles , collaboration with eBay , etc . WordNet 10 is a large-scale lexical database for English . We introduced CiteSeer-API , a SOAPWSDL-based API to CiteSeer-like services . Our experiments follow the procedure below : We use 18 datasets with a relatively large number of examples from the UCI repository 1 . RDF-3X processed UniProt Q1 in 858.464 sec ; was observed to consume ∼11 GB resident memory . We integrated additional geo-tools and services such as Yahoo ! This can also be seen with the precision @ 10 , which for LibraryThing starts at 0.50 for α = 0.0 , increases to 0.53 for α = 0.9 and drops to 0.40 for α = 1.0 . One explanation is the fact that the size of Facebook network is roughly one order of magnitude larger than G+ LCC . The original Website contains figures of population , business and geometry information of all counties in the United States . VIAF is useful for information published as linked data by other libraries , but the number of outward connections beyond the library domain is variable . Note that social relations in Flixster are undirected . Facebook Likes L. To overcome these problems , we determine tweet locations through analysis of geospatial named entities geonames . Actually we built a search engine based on the gov2 data . Open tagging systems like Flickr have continuously evolving vocabularies . In order to fairly compare every method , we employ similar parameter settings for those common parameters adopted in all the approaches . For EachMovie dataset , we extracted a subset of 10 ,000 users with more than 40 ratings . For the 1 ,235 persons identified by either the EMO or the ECOLM database , 5 ,653 matches were retrieved from VIAF and 1 ,103 from MusicBrainz . We selected this dataset as it contains a substantial amount of embedded information hidden in literal properties such as mo : biography . Amongst these active users , there are 5.2 million connected to Facebook . The ingest of metadata provided by the Integrated Public Use Microdata Series IPUMS USA 40 is another good example . As well as reconciling entities and their relationships between the two source datasets we wished to enable the scholar to situate the early music resources within the context provided by other external repositories of knowledge . WT10g is used by TREC Web tracks , which contains more than 1.6 million documents collected from about 11 ,000 servers . We attempted to model this bias by constructing two probabilistic models for paper acquisition in CiteSeer . Prominent examples include music sharing and curation in Last.fm Aiello et al . First , we evaluated our method against other associative classifiers and rule-based classification methods on 20 UCI datasets 5 . For every record displayed in the EOD search engine a query is carried out using the API of the Europeana database to find out whether the record has already been digitized and displayed in Europeana . By integrating some new methods we improved our system . The search system was well received by the participants . , 2005 . Flickr data repository , the same protocol can essentially be followed by using the open Flickr API . Finally it should be underlined that the proposed methodology could be adopted by information organizations that do not offer social tagging and folksonomy functionalities , but they recognize that the subject indexing operation needs to be adapted to the users ' vocabulary . spend more than 8 hours a day . We note that both regimes with large numbers of players and small numbers of players are relevant empirically . Overall , NetProbe promises to be a very effective mechanism for unearthing hidden bipartite networks of fraudsters . Our algorithm learns this single manually configured enrichment as 1 an NLP enrichment function that extracts all named entities types and then 2 a filter enrichment function that filters all non-location triples . The sentence 搜狐直播 员： SOHU live reporter , separated as a sentence by other contents with a colon , appears 73 times in the news story but in fact has nothing to do with the topic . A possible reason is that the rating styles of items typically have less diversities that those of users . Our experiments and observations are based on the Corel Data set . When a class label e.g . , Flickr pictures are taken predominantly during the day and by men , we borrow normalization measures e.g . In an earlier work we developed a model of social voting on Digg , which describes how the number of votes received by a story changes in time . Our data set records the rating behaviors of on-line raters at a shopping site called Epinions . MovieLens-1M , MovieLens-10M and the 100M Netflix dataset , and the results clearly demonstrate the advantage of the proposed PPH algorithm . This approach is a general version of the approach implemented by Stolcke 16 . Privacy issues surrounding Facebook profiles introduce ethical dilemmas for archiving 13 , 22 , and even Facebook 's Terms of Use prohibits data mining , robots , scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods 2 , regardless of what the data is to be used for . The participant then marks each result as highly relevant , relevant , or nonrelevant in the context of the query initiator without knowing which configuration generated the result . The eBay feedback ratings are added up to determine a client 's overall reputation according to the eBay scoring function . The Web Track collection WT100g consists for 100 GB of spidered web data and was originally used in last years VLC2 track 6 . Digg service currently lists the Digg articles in its front page without considering each user 's topic preference . For all the Social Regularization based methods , α and β are set to 0.015 in the MovieLens dataset , while in the EachMovie dataset , they are set to 0.001 . Table 1and 2 report the performance of our submitted run for the sequential update summarization task in terms of expected latency gain and latency comprehensiveness respectively . Clearly : As such , sharing personal information about one 's child is not necessarily safe even when a parent has friendsonly or friends-of-friends settings on their Facebook posts . MovieLens is collected from users of MovieLens website 2 . The Corel image database includes more than 125 ,000 pictures with different image concepts . The Yelp dataset consists of user reviews on the businesses located in the Phoenix City of the US , and the Dianping dataset consists of the reviews on the restaurants located in several main cities of China , where each user made 20 or more reviews . Tables 3-5 show the high-precision results on TREC123 , TREC4-Kmeans and ClueWeb-Wiki respectively . Firstly , the Music Ontology 13 is chosen here as it provides the main classes and properties for describing music on the Web . We used WT10g for making a classification model . MEDLINE can be searched by anyone in the world using the PubMed system of the National Library of Medicine NLM , which maintains both MEDLINE and PubMed . There are roughly 15 ,000 cases , in which an entity is contributed by both WordNet and Wikipedia i.e . For UCI sets we chose 40 % of top ranked features . We utilize the following three publicly available datasets for experiments . For instance , content may propagate more quickly and widely in a push-based system , compared to the pullbased system used in Flickr . gov2 and ClueWeb B become more symmetric after the transformation . Facebook prevents its pages from appearing in the iframes of other websites . For the most part , users appear to take advantage of Digg 's social networking feature , with the top users having bigger social networks . In distinction from the earlier TREC-56 Chinese corpus , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5 . 4 have proposed a practical system for selecting biomedical data sources according to user preferences . Formspring helps people find out more about each other by sharing interesting & personal responses 15 . We obtained datasets with high dimensionality from UCI repository 17 . There are two available versions of YAGO2 : core and full . According to 3 , there are currently over 40 ,000 ,000 public geotagged photos on Flickr , and 100 ,000 geotagged photos have been added every month . In Fig . We choose four different data sets namely Iris , Wine , Glass and Ecoli from the UCI Machine Learning Repository . MovieLens is a movie rating dataset 2 from GroupLens Research . Second , a data set may exist only within the protected and secure area of the statistical agency , along with a full and complete 3 They are derived from the original Decennial Census data files , which are maintained in their unmodified form by the Census Bureau . We will also be moving away from the 68332BCC as the main controlling processor to Texas Instruments DSP chips , such as the 320C40 , which is capable of up to 50 MFlops , as opposed to the 68332 's 2 MIPS . We also measure the average number of terms in each cluster , which can be found in WordNet , here on called WordNet terms . Becherer and Halstead 8 sent e-mail questionnaires to some sellers of eBay . The inverted file developed from this collection is about 3 Gbytes in size . Finally , the Last.fm results depicted in Figure 5 c highlight that the similarity hypothesis , expressing our prior belief that users consecutively listen to songs that stem from the same artist , is the most plausible one . We removed RDF triples containing non- English characters . The ASL data set from UCI KDD archive consists of of signs from the Australian Sign Language . Among the weaknesses are that the documents themselves were released as a result of tobacco-related discovery requests , and thus may exhibit a skewed topic distribution when compared with the larger collections from which they were initially selected . The black box we use for the Sessions track is Carnegie Mellon 's ClueWeb search engine 1 . Specific information about the process can be found at the DSpace plugin for Europeana Semantic Elements webpage 4 , developed by the Veria Central Public Library VCPL and the Hellenic National Documentation Centre EKT . The number of samples added at each time instance simulates the music items uploaded by users on YouTube or created by new artists on Last.fm in a period of time . This time however , we decided to keep all gene homologs , since they often offer valuable information on the gene 's function across all species , but that might have hurt more than helped . So far in our experiments , we have computed DO and HSA using a relatively large set of query based relevance scores e.g . We used 303 clueweb documents whose controversy level was annotated with four scales : 1 clearly controversial , 2 - possibly controversial , 3 - possibly non-controversial , and 4 - clearly non-controversial . the amount of resources to be employed , ii can be applied even when enrichment tools are not trivially comparable i.e . Meanwhile , WordNet does not provide the associate terms as Wikipedia . The recommendation models were trained over all papers in the CiteSeer repository . We firstly study the effect of confidence parameter σ k for expert guidance on Epinions and Ciao . 20 % ratings are used in the public leaderboard evaluation and the left 80 % ratings are used in the private leaderboard evaluation . Currently updates are performed every two weeks . In fact , CiteSeer has relatively fewer papers published by one to three authors . The improvements obtained were consistent across nearly all collections , and for large web collections , such as gov2 and WT10g , the approach showed substantial gains . where m 3 is an authority conformation function that conforms DrugBank 's authority to the Example authority 8 . from the ACM Digital Library that CiteSeer can not provide . Obviously , ListCF can successfully recognize it while pointwise CF and pairwise CF can not . For the WSJ collection , N = 2 performed the best . The CiteSeer corpus we obtained has 709173 words over 1127741 entity nodes . Finally , an ESE output generator provides the output in the format prescribed by Europeana . This means that if we use information about negative edges for predicting the presence of positive edges in Epinions and Slashdot we get 3 percentage point improvement in absolute terms , and a 50 % increase in the boost relative to random guessing , compared to a model based only on positive edges . PT domain . all users annotated the media element with semantically dissimilar concepts , while a value of 1 indicates agreement . These feature groups are discussed in Section 4 . The pumsb data set correspond to binarized versions of a census data set from IBM 1 . The Clueweb Online Services 3 were used to retrieve the top 100 documents for each query , using the same ranking functions and version of Indri described in Section 3 . This input can be accomplished through different client applications . We perform a preliminary experiment with entity normalization and again turn to Freebase to provide a mapping of variants to a canonical entity . For the experiment , we used songs that appear in both songmeanings.com and the Million Song Dataset MSD 1 , a freely available music collection with a variety of useful audio features and metadata . In this section we present our experimental settings and results . The first set of movies contains the top-40 most popular movies in MovieLens . On Digg , social influence manifests itself through the friends interface , which shows users the stories their friends chose to vote for . We use the Clueweb category B , consisting of 50 million English web pages as our test collection to find the external web pages . Figure 4shows abstract cost for the same setup , but now with tag expansion up to a limit of 10 similar tags . For aggregate diversity , we obtained values that were more than three times of those obtained by the other two methods for both Netflix dataset Table 5 and Movielens dataset Table 4 when N = 100 . Our approach exploits this discrepancy as well as keywords of IR significance from the page ebay bid account password forgot to catch it . In the right column , the models trained based on Facebook data are tested on search query sample . The MetadataFormatHandler provides data from the metadata records to the PlaceResolver , which will compare it with data obtained from Geonames , in order to support the resolution of the place names . In particular , myPersonality database allows matching users ' demographic profiles with their Facebook Likes , i.e . Twenty classes of COREL images each has 100 images are used . Comparison of the three quality measures for UCI and CLBME data sets . In this section , we discuss the experimental results when the number of latent variable K changes . It replaces missing records by random draws from complete records from the same local area . The portability of eBizSearchCiteSeer-like search engines will be a key to their success . 10for extending the eBay example of Fig . DBPedia integrates various datasets , which are available in RDF . Similar to Twitter and different from Facebook the relationships in G+ are unidirectional . Alternatively , using the named page finding topics from the 2002-2004 Web tracks , we were able to generate 190 named page finding topics for the . We first group all the users in the training datasets based on the number of observed ratings , and then measure the prediction accuracies of different user groups . For the four users presented in Table 3 We first combined both data sets WWW05 and SIGIR05 to have more training examples with different aspects . The run with the dummy Clueweb pages finds more primary Wikipedia pages , but less primary pages are found , because of the insertion of dummy pages . Section 2.2 then describes acquisition models for both DBLP and CiteSeer . Also , the description of each candidate is based on the reviews on Yelp . We used two standard TREC datasets in our study : Terabyte i.e . We then examined the improvements with other NTCIR queries from # 101 to # 149 obtained by QE when D changed . The dimension K in our LRPPM- CF model is set as 50 for Yelp datasets and 20 for Amazon datasets to ensure equal model complexity . In addition , Weibo users can comment on a post , which means that the comments will be inserted into the original post rather than into their own timelines . Another possible reason for BM25L 's extremely high retrieval performance with Gamma and Normal distribution on ClueWeb B is the shallow pool depth of this collection . for the WT10G collection , documents can be judged nonrelevant , relevant and highly relevant . The standard rdf : type property indicates that this is an instance of Imprint Hit Entry . The 2007 Legal Track used the same collection as the 2006 Legal Track , the IIT Complex Document Information Processing CDIP Test Collection , version 1.0 referred to here as IIT CDIP 1.0 which is based on documents released under the tobacco Master Settlement Agreement MSA . In addition , we use the much larger NTCIR-11 arXiv collection to test the scalability of Tangent-3 ; this collection is 174 GB uncompressed , with 8 ,301 ,578 documents arXiv article fragments and 60 million formulae including isolated symbols . Geonames is a geographic thesaurus , structured as a hierarchy with three levels : 8 general classes , 645 intermediary classes and over 6 millions geographic names . Figure 1shows the degree distributions in WT10g . The knowledge of business chains can have a big economic value to local search engines . For the remaining 9 eBay meta-categories we do not observe any significant difference . Freebase types vary at the thousands scale , allowing us to deal with more types of questions . The RCV is capable of log polar sampling , multi resolutional pyramid sampling , and any number of other sampling schemes that can be devised . The public API of Last.fm reveals this information , as well as associated information including popularity data . The social relations in both data sets are binary , indicating whether or not a social relation exists . The highest i.e . 2 Note that PERSIVAL uses a distributed search engine that is not limited to PubMed alone . Generally , Facebook is the most popular way to share photos 88 % , followed by email 72 % . However , it does not retrieve all such articles . For evaluation , we used the method of pooled relevance judgments 4 together with human judgments . We suspect that it is because the PubMed query log is quite different from the other external collections . Music datasets , its performance is slightly improved , but on the MovieLens100K dataset , its accuracy rises at first and begins to drop while the density requirement continues to rise . The data sets and their properties are summarized in Table I. from 21 selected properties , such as geo-onto : alternateName , geo-onto : countryCode , and wgs84 post : alt , etc . We have tried to run a number of existing algorithms , includ- ing 12 , and 7 on Freebase . They are : Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method and Flexible Mixture Model FMM . They usually pertain to odd and unusual items that get listed on eBay , some examples being seattle toilet and virgin mary pretzel . We collected data from Sina Weibo , a Twitter-like microblogging system in China with more than 400 million registered users and over 100 million messages posted per day . These synsets are obtained by extracting from WordNet all hyponyms of each top concept until third level and they are weighted depending on its level into the WordNet hierarchy and the frequency of its appearance into the path . In addition to these two types of relations , Geonames also contains precise localisation coordinates , alternative names of the object , etc . The eBay marketplace offers multiple auction formats . Our experiments were performed on a real database , the MovieLens data set see 8 for additional results obtained on the Book-Crossing data set . Our evaluation is part of a larger project to develop a text collection 3 and integrated prototype for complex c Hand-corrected text Figure 1 : A document as an original image , after OCR , and after being corrected . We use the USA Today Census database 6 to collect diversity data . Figure 2 outlines this effort . The third and most recent method is that users who share event attendance and loved tracks via their Facebook profile connect the two accounts as a result . Queries consist of the concatenation of the entity name and the narrative . Europeana enables people to explore the digital resources of Europe 's museums , libraries , archives and audio-visual collections . , 2004 . Each state or federal census collects different details , but generally involves names , addresses , ages , household relationships , occupations , housing costs , income , and other personal information . Their evaluation is based on the MovieLens system , and findings indicate that tagbased algorithms generate better recommendation rankings than state-of-the-art CF-based algorithms . The first form QCSU1 has synonym terms from WordNet based on the topic title only . In this demo , we have presented a tool to transform a Web-based product into the FRBR model . Our model improves the quality of recommendations by enabling the relevant articles with low Digg scores as well as high Digg scores to be considered important . To address the above research question , we replace the TREC intents with the NTCIR intents and then re-evaluate the runs submitted to the TREC 2012 diversity task . #### The first reason is the volume of information in Libra . UniProt and KEGG , to allow for automatic synonym retrieval . 8 use both WordNet and automatically constructed thesauri to expand queries . CoNMF-P achieves the best performance in all cases , while CoSC and CoNMF-C achieve comparable performance on Last.fm and Yelp , respectively . Simply put , we only show the digg rate prior to promotion for popular stories . The SoundCloud architecture started as a single Rails application now called mothership but since 2011 has gradually been split into separate services . The total number of tags in the folksonomy file F is 17 ,451 , from which almost 11 ,000 tags have been imported from LibraryThing . The benefit of learning with auxiliary probabilistic information on four different UCI data sets . The original question is then pushed to each user via the Sina Weibo Messaging API as a normal Weibo post . We collected data from several Facebook Pages , each associated with a commercial entity that uses the Facebook page to communicate with its followers . The resulting FRBR work has been linked to its corresponding DBpedia entity for verification and linking . Among the strengths are the wide range of document genres including letters , memos , budgets , reports , agendas , minutes , plans , transcripts , scientific articles , and email and the large number of documents . The experiments are performed on the Corel Data set provided by 7 . However , there are still many challenging issues : First , the information-seeking practice 5 is not only about papers , but also about other information sources , such as authors , conferences and journals , etc . GOV collection is a significant subset of the . In order to show the differences between friend community and trust community , in Section 4 , we also conduct a comparison analysis for the Epinions trust community . However , while sites like these are based on the premise that it is entertaining to be taken somewhere unexpected , neither one provides much in the way of context , nor a sense of completion , regarding the journey that is constructed . Our test for interacting with the Facebook application performs a few common actions . We studied the edge sign prediction problem in signed social networks , which have both positive and negative links . The TREC Enron corpus covers 104 custodians while Enron had a worldwide staff count of 22 ,000 at the end of 2001 . Last.fm offers a social network in which users can friend each other . GeoNames returns the country code that corresponds to the search keywords . On AUC in venues , MLNG+C+T and MLNB are the two best performers . Specifically , we use 2 training samples and 5 training samples for comparisons . Here , the entity John Edwards with Freebase id m01651q is the main question entity . # of unique terms # of total terms index size MB Across the SPEC CPU2006 benchmark suite , Valgrind degrades performance by almost 17× on average geometric mean ; its overhead ranges from 4.5× and 42.8× , making it often too slow to use even for testing see Table 5. , a couple hundred diggs per day while an overwhelming majority of users digg less than one story per day . In this paper , we propose our retrieval method participated in NTCIR-6 . The frequency of either the firstname or the lastname in the census data is less than 0.006 . This collection was created by selecting records containing place names that exist in the Geonames gazetteer . This dataset 3 is an extension of MovieLens dataset , which links movies from MovieLens with their corresponding IMDb webpage and Rotten Tomatoes review system . , despite the smartphone app Facebook users seem to still also access the website through their desktop or laptop computers . This is probably because users in whrrl.com have more friends than users in Last.fm i.e . These significant differences partly result from the evaluation set construction process . We will focus our research in the extraction of knowledge from music-related context information sources in the Web . Similarly to what we do for eBay categories , we answer this question by checking the hypothesis that Facebook users like pages from random Facebook categories . The Corel dataset had images that were classified as agriculture , plants , desert etc . In this section , we study the broader impact of crowdturfing by measuring the spread of crowdturf content on microblogging sites . User scenario : Suppose a user has no clear ideas about APIs , he knows a mashup source called flickr . We evaluate the proposed model on a publicly available dataset , MovieLens . For instance , eBay buyers and sellers rate each other after each transaction . We note that feature contribution to the overall accuracy varies in different collections . Digg 's crowdsourcing scheme involves users both to submit contribute stories and to digg vote for stories they liked . The gov2 collection consists of 25.2 million web pages crawled from the gov Internet domain . Machine readable dictionaries such as WordNet Mill90 have been utilized in document retrieval . , $ Component , $ Relative , and a subsumption relationship between them e.g . However , the above observation holds consistently through all the experiments . wasSubmittedAt , wasCollectedAt and wasDepositedAt . 1 . Figure 5 : Parameter estimation MovieLens 1m . MovieLens is a famous Web-based research recommender system . We indexed all of the gov2 corpus documents , submitting complete documents to the indexer . gov2 , WT10G and ClueWebB well , not disk1 & 2 since the bimodality . However , the test is generic and does not directly indicate which specific Facebook category f is highly correlated to which eBay meta-category e. We therefore compute the Pearson 's chi-square test on single e , f events i.e . When seeing the branding elements of these sites , they make instant assumptions about what they are like . These WordNet-based techniques have shown their advantages of improving the tradition BOW based representation to some degree but suffer from relatively limited coverage of Wordnet compared to Wikipedia , the world 's largest knowledge base to date . Sometimes it was effective but not always . These duplicates were partly due to overlap between the two databases , but also revealed instances in the EMO metadata where the same person , with a slightly altered name or date string , had received several distinct identifiers . We select some queries from one year log of Libra according to the following criteria : The frequent query has high priority to be selected . The choice of Libra as a source of citation data has two main reasons . As the size of the streamcorpus is massive , which may lead KBA into an engineering problem rather than a research problem , KBA organizers filtered the corpus from 11TB to 696GB . , 2008 . Whenever the user examines an abstract in PubMed , the right panel of the browser is automatically populated with titles of articles that may also be of interest , as determined Figure 1 : Typical PubMed screenshot showing a MEDLINE abstract and Related Links . Figure 2shows a screenshot of our system which we presented to the domain experts from the HZI . The final section lists issues to be discussed . The green solid lines represent Selection , and the orange dashed lines denote Recommendation . If the target critical point is forward convex FCV , the entire team proceeds to cover the union cell , and the process repeats . CiteSeer-API was design not only to allow interaction between CiteSeer-like services but also with other DL systems . For our experiments , we used the data for all users and images that are affiliated with FlickrCentral , the largest group on Flickr . We gathered tags of all public photos in the dataset from Flickr . We now describe datasets we have used in the experiments , and the metrics we have used to evaluate attributes , followed by experimental results . Several standard datasets , such as the EachMovie dataset of movie ratings 15 , exist for testing pure CF algorithms . ENT is highly effective for TREC5 and WT10G but much less effective for TREC12 and ROBUST . In Section 4 , WordNet is used to do sense disambiguation . It consists of 5 classes which are protein localization sites with 327 objects . At the 0.8 threshold , ppjoin can achieve up to 3x speed-up against All-Pairs on both Enron and DBLP-3GRAM , and up to 2x speed-up on DBLP . Location-aware applications , such as the ZoneTag application for cameraphones , 6 automatically geotag photos they upload to Flickr . Accordingly we used the . In music communities such as Zune Social or Last.fm , our approach can be used to enrich user experience . Note the logarithmic vertical scale . Since this is an overly strong assumption , one of the paper 's authors judged for each tweeted link whether it indeed links to the user 's Flickr account . Our theory is that this is i due to the absence of a lot of musical data in Wikidata that is present in Freebase , and During that time there were two main opportunity to obtain a feedback : 1 external , through Kaggle LeaderBoard , and 2 internal , using homogeneous ensembling with CV-passports , see Section 4. lasted for more than 4 months . For relational questions , however , PubCloud users spent almost twice as long answering than those who used PubMed . This paper has two main goals . We have presented a low cost , low complexity real time vision system . All MovieLens observations consist of a rating between 1 and 5 inclusive . The social database 151 contains data collected by the US Census Bureau . Note that similar observations can also be drawn from other three collections used , but the difference between relevant and nonrelevance document length distribution is not as obvious as on ClueWeb B . This study explored a machine learning approach and described in detail the system at features for ranking keywords , as well as category selection to avoid keyword ambiguity . We plan to use structured information from MusicBrainz and DBpedia , together with semi-structured and unstructured information gathered from SoundCloud , Last.fm , Twitter and Facebook . By bridging to DBpedia , we can use the existing entity linking module 4 ,5 for mapping the textual subjects and objects . Sites such as Flickr 1 , Del.icio.us 2 , Connotea 3 and LibraryThing 4 are considered exemplary of the Web 2.0 phenomena 5 because they use the Internet to harness collective intelligence . For every record displayed in the EOD search engine a query is carried out using the API of the Europeana database to find out whether this record has already been digitised and displayed in Europeana . The collection is represented as a graph-like structure , with nodes representing cultural heritage items in this case Europeana records , and edges coming from diverse sources , including the similarity between metadata descriptions of items , implicit information derived from Europeana search logs , and the similarity between Wikipedia articles linked to items in the collection . Table 2shows the distribution of all categories by level . To our surprise we found that many popular websites including Linkedin , Blogspot , IMDB , CNN , MSN , eBay and Yahoo ! 3 from the US Census data set . Searching CiteSeer for keywords query processing using query graphs . We investigate the cause for these performance exceptions . We saw in section 4 that OAI requires more metadata items than those currently available from CiteSeer . The largest available public dataset , EachMovie , was used for testing our algorithms . , become a friend of the users who submitted the stories they dugg ; and some other users attempt to game Digg to make some articles e.g . The diagonal is set to zero as we do not believe in humans consecutively reviewing the same business . The detailed data set statistics are listed in Table 3 . While we find some tags related to the levels of expression and manifestation e.g . This provides evidence that when views differ in quality , simply combining all views may not lead to improved performance . WordNet contains about 147k unique single as well as compound terms but no stopwords . As illustrated , both Bayesian Sets and SEAL systems perform well on finding children movies . The quality of predicted annotations is assessed by retrieving test images using the keywords in annotation vocabulary . Europeana users can thus search a virtual collection of millions of digital objects which altogether represent a significantly large window on Europe 's cultural and scientific heritage . Since 11 report much higher detection rates for average attacks with the smaller ML dataset , we verify if there is indeed such a large difference . The authors of 24 show that group memberships present on many social networks can uniquely identify users ; they leverage this to identify users visiting malicious web sites by matching their browser history against groups on social sites . We gather a random sample of ∼7M geo-referenced Flickr pictures within the bounding box of Central London . Greece is participating in EuropeanaLocal with content providers and the Hellenic Aggregator created and supported by the Veria Central Public Library VCPL . Users can click and drag the visual graph to explore the data in- teractively . SoundCloud has about 10 million users and is usually among the world 's top 200 web sites 3 . Similar to Wikipedia categories , Flickr user groups are also overlapping . SoundCloud is a music sharing service : artists can present themselves and upload their own music 3 hours for free , more against payment ; other users can browse this music , listen to it , comment on it , and share it on social networks . We use actual users ' behaviors to evaluate the methods . The country information provided by the click analytics is also a country code ; therefore , we have a successful country match if both country codes are the same . Before describing CoNMF , we discuss some necessary preliminaries . Europeana 1 , as one of the major European aggregation services has to face the issues of data integration and data interoperability . The CiteSeer installation at Penn State University 4 currently receives over one million requests and serves over 25 GB of information daily . Clueweb collections contain substantial number of spam documents . From DBpedia and GeoNames places , and from DBpedia and LinkedMDB films , we obtained both pairs of coreferent entities based on owl : sameAs links in DBpedia and pairs of non-coreferent entities , called positive and negative test cases to be verified , respectively . On the Porter-stemmed index , similar results are also observed . It obtains this information from the GeoNames web service 10 . From this data , we identified distinct interests in the corresponding communities . of the original newspaper articles . We have built our user study around the MusicBrainz database 2 and the Music Ontology 9 . Additional uses of this subset have already appeared 7 . Freebase . These scenarios support the comparison of matching tools when facing specific domains . Many previously unexpected variations of Facebook were identified , such as fbook . We also note the considerable improvements on the WT10g and gov2 collections . In this corpus , 148 custodians were identified , or 42 % more custodians , to provide a more accurate figure for the total number of custodians covered . However , the concept hierarchy in Freebase is too coarse for our needs because most of the concepts are too general . We chose only inverted lists containing more than 1000 documents . The properties of the data sets are summarized in Table 4 . One sub-team covers cells in a clockwise fashion around the obstacle . This data comprises , for each conference , its periodicity annual , biennial or triennial , its designation conference , workshop , symposium , etc . Trant and Bearman 35 compared end-user tagging of art against existing professional terms and found that the former increases access points . PubMed provides access to MEDLINE R , an authoritative collection of approximately 17 million bibliographic records abstracts and metadata . Respondents share photos via Facebook because it allows them to distribute the photos easily All my friends are on Facebook and it sets appropriate expectations about the photos ' genre ; Facebook also gives them the means to manage photos , and solicit comments and labels . We encourage research groups to take advantage in their own projects of the functionalities and data available through CiteSeer-API . After successful disambiguation , additional words from WordNet are considered for addition to the query . We selected the co-occurrence texture and color moments data sets . The results are summarized in Table 1 . Ratings in Flixster and Epinions are real values in the range 1 ,5 . However , people tagging streams in Twitter stabilize slightly slower and less heavily than the tagging streams in Delicious and LibraryThing where imitation behavior is encouraged . Section 6 discusses related work , and Section 7 presents our conclusion and future work . Such mistakes could be highly costly because expensive follow-up wet-bench experiments could be further conducted based on the faulty protein . The first is an active research community . Thus , rules with low support values are included in the resulting set . We expect that providing RDF querying capability as part of SQL will enable a database system to support wider range of applications as well as facilitate building semantically rich applications . However , the corresponding WordNet version 3.1 is not yet available in RDF . More recently , some of the leading social media sites have also added personalized recommendation features : video-sharing site YouTube has launched a personalized homepage that includes recommendations based on past views and favorites . Similar to prior experiments , we see that DeepTR-SD produces more accurate rankings than BOW and SD on both gov2 and ClueWeb09 . For both the Flickr and the LibraryThing data set the NDCG improved by increasing α , but dropped of when setting α to 1. , we have mapped Flickr tags onto the WordNet broad cate- gories 10 . Solr 's More- LikeThis returns the volumes of both editions , but as a flat , mixed list that includes other books—some tests on Europeana even fail to bring all volumes of both editions as suggestions when one of them is explored . Note that the Facebook friend finder can only find other friends who have already connected their Facebook account to Last.fm . Namely Parallel time×No of cores No of pairs×Vector length . For most benchmarks , DOUBLETAKE 's runtime overhead is under 3 % . The CiteSeer-API service , which is also HTTP based , is advertised through its WSDL description . As shown in Figure 4 , our proposed framework performs better than the model-based clustering approaches . A description of how the statistics were extracted , and used in the predictive model , is presented in Section 3.4 . The poorly-performing queries whose AP is below 0.02 are filtered to ensure the quality of our training data for classification and regression models . Using DBpedia as our vocabulary meant we could join the domain modeled structured data that are using Linking Open Data identifiers like MusicBrainz with the unstructured content aggregated using auto-categorisation systems based on the DBpedia dataset in this case an implementation of Autonomy . Relevance feedback asks users to label some retrieved samples , making the retrieval procedure inconvenient . Overall we extract 25 ,070 POS n-grams from WT10G and 47 ,018 POS n-grams from . We use an email collection of multiple Enron employees , with 20 ,842 emails 16M characters , as our second collection . Our second kind of experiments focus on demonstrating the general applicability of the HypTrails approach by applying it to three real-world , empirical human trail datasets Wikigame , Yelp and Last.fm as introduced in Section 3 . Furthermore , because of the | term , items with multiple aspects which abound in Last.fm are demoted by IA-Select , which explains some low subtopic recall values . The Last.fm dataset contains music access history of 3 , 143 users over 23 , 467 unique songs ; while whrrl.com dataset includes the check-in history of 7 , 145 users to 74 , 217 unique places . The Europeana network comprises communities of archivists , curators and librarians who show a growing interest in exploring new methods of access and dialogue . The MovieLens and Netflix datasets are used in this study . The ratio from BASE10 to WT100g shows super-linear growth for response times for all runs . We took NTCIR-7 data 1.8M parallel sentences from the years 1993-2000 for SMT training and the NTCIR-8 test collection 2k sentences for parameter tuning . The value in generating intuitive explanations through tags is highlighted in another MovieLens study by the same authors 33 . The Japanese version of those 15 overlap queries were used in our evaluation . A second approach , typified by the work at ISI 2 , has focused on transformations that are intuitively clear to a human user 3 on automating certain aspects of transformation selection GLIT- TER 25 , and on describing the particular sequence of transformations used on a specific problem , so that they may be reapplied when the specification is changed PADDLE 70 . Similarly , the world 's second-largest microblogging system , Sina Weibo , boasted more than 176 million active users by 2015 , but because the system 's default language is Chinese , almost all its users come from China or speak Chinese . In addition , the reasoner generates explanations for each derivation it performs . In recent decades , the widespread use of mobile devices and wireless networks has offered the opportunity to gain insight on human mobility at an unprecedented scale , using data from Bluetooth 5 , cellular 14 or Online Locationbased Social Networks LBSN 25 . We provide reference implementations for such context-driven functionality by mashing up content from three major providers of life science literature resources – NCBI 's PubMed www.ncbi.nlm.nih.govPubMed , EBI 's CiteXplore 5 and Google Scholar http : scholar.google.com using fuzzy text matches based on edit distance metrics 6 . MRs are thus the objects around which most of the services that Europeana provides , including searching and browsing , revolve . For example , Geonames contains only 5 records for Timisoara , while we obtain 30 results in Gazetiki . ### 